Tim Sackton: Okay. Can you hear me?
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Can you hear the music
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So we pick up, lying over the rolling fields of Emberwine that 5 of you
Tim Sackton: and your 2 fae companions.
Tim Sackton: Valeris, the satyr, cursed to be brutally honest.
Tim Sackton: seeking redemption on a selfless quest.
Tim Sackton: and Ismara, a Fay scholar from
Tim Sackton: a realm to the west, called Gleamwater, that seemed to be
Tim Sackton: somewhere around where Chardon is in the in the material plane.
Tim Sackton: who is writing a book on the mundane world, and was curious about your about your travels and your
Tim Sackton: feelings, and just who you were, basically, and decided to travel with you for some amount of time.
Tim Sackton: How many the past 2 days have been spent in the
Tim Sackton: the Sunwine Hall, the court of Lord Sovin, the master of rebels.
Tim Sackton: although you're not quite sure exactly how much time passed. The days seem a bit fuzzy. You seem to remember eating at least a few times and sleeping at least once.
Tim Sackton: But it was also busy. Dealt with, was
Tim Sackton: telling stories while he spent his time training the Wyvern successfully, miraculously.
Tim Sackton: and now is riding on a giant Wyvern across the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: The rest of you are riding on griffins, but, unlike the sort of stereotypical griffin of an eagle
Tim Sackton: with the body of a lion, these are more like peacocks or parrots, they're brightly colored
Tim Sackton: feathers around their heads.
Tim Sackton: Oh, it's Eric
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey!
Tim Sackton: Nice to see you
David (he/him): Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you would see me if my camera was working. There we go. Hi, friends.
Tim Sackton: How's it going
David S. Kong: A,
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: E,
Tim Sackton: We pick up flying across the
Tim Sackton: plains of Emberwine, having left the the hall of Lord Sovin, the master of rebels, and the and the lord of this fey domain
Tim Sackton: having spent after the party had spent. You know
Tim Sackton: it's hard to say exactly how long it seemed like maybe 2 days.
Tim Sackton: But it's difficult to carefully track time in these fey parties.
Tim Sackton: While there you spoke to several people
Tim Sackton: including a Lord Sobran himself as well as the brash duelist Arendelle, who, defeated, dealt with in single combat
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Consequence of which Delwith had to spend the next 2 days telling stories, but he seemed popular.
Tim Sackton: Count Vashen, known as The Broken mask, a former courtier of
Tim Sackton: the Cloud Spinner, who was somehow involved in betraying her, and had come to
Tim Sackton: Number One to drown his sorrows and forget his
Tim Sackton: previous life completely, which he nearly succeeded in doing, until Kenzo's
Tim Sackton: cleansing touch dragged him back for a moment, and the Satyr
Tim Sackton: Valeris cursed to be brutally honest in every word that he says, unable to tell even a harmless white lie, or even hide his true feelings about anything.
Tim Sackton: who decided to join you in seeking the restoration of the cloud spinner under the theory that
Tim Sackton: only a truly selfless act to break his curse.
Tim Sackton: and Esmara, a face scholar from a place called Gleamwater, writing a book on the mundane World, who decided to travel with you for at least a little bit of time
Tim Sackton: to take notes on the peoples of the bundane world while she had the chance.
Tim Sackton: So as we begin your the yeah, the material plane.
Tim Sackton: So we begin as you are flying on multicolored griffins, with heads of parrots and peacocks instead of eagles.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're out
Tim Sackton: Except Welby, who finally took the time here in the Feywild to train the liver that's been trapped in the mirror for
Tim Sackton: I almost a year now, and he is flying on the Wyvern, hoping
Tim Sackton: it doesn't get enraged and turn on him, but for the moment under control
David (he/him): It was a good whipper
Tim Sackton: As you fly, passing over the
Tim Sackton: rolling fields, heading east towards the Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: and then turning north to seek Red Sun watch
Tim Sackton: where, according to the stories you heard in Lord Sovin's court,
Tim Sackton: The secret to finding the prison well still can be found.
Tim Sackton: It just requires breaking the darkness with true sunlight, in order to illuminate the path, although exactly
Tim Sackton: how to illuminate the path, and where the darkness must be broken, is not immediately clear.
David S. Kong: So.
Tim Sackton: As you travel.
Tim Sackton: Flickers and pieces of news back from Chardon comes to Riswyn via the crowd
Tim Sackton: riots, led by a group calling themselves the eightfold flame
Tim Sackton: arson against the Chelite industry, fighting in the streets, rumors of
Tim Sackton: the eightfold flame taking the law into their own hands and trying under
Tim Sackton: suspicious circumstances. Anyone suspected to be connected with the chelate trade
Tim Sackton: and with the magistrates. Still, as far as anybody knows, in
Tim Sackton: The magistrates, as far as everybody know, is still in Darba. Negotiating the surrender of Karnas.
Tim Sackton: who is in control of charting, is not entirely clear
Mike Sackton: Wait. Who is Karnas surrendering to
Tim Sackton: The magistrate, the leader of Chardon.
Mike Sackton: And Sura's like, just so we don't really know what's happening with.
Mike Sackton: We don't really know what happened
Tim Sackton: The north. There there were 2 armies that left from Charbon. There was the navy
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Led by Karnas, and there was the
Tim Sackton: the legions. The general of the legions was controlled by Fausto via the Crown.
Tim Sackton: As soon as you took the crown. The general, who was marching against Sura, surrendered.
Tim Sackton: and is now making his way slowly back to Chardon, hunting the
Tim Sackton: fragments of the cleanse that broke off from his army.
Tim Sackton: However, the navy was never under control
Tim Sackton: of the cleansed or of Fausto, and, in fact, Fausto tried to delay the navy with Doppel Welby.
Tim Sackton: but still sailed, and they defeated
Tim Sackton: Karnos outside of Darba, and lay siege to Darba, and then landed.
Tim Sackton: So Sura is now.
Tim Sackton: There's no fighting in anywhere in Chardan or anywhere in Denmark. But Sora effectively won because of
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: You're saying to the general, turn around now, whereas Karnas effectively lost because the chartered Navy is quite well.
Tim Sackton: Eclipse of defeat, darkness, Denmark, I mean, Denmark doesn't even really have a navy. So
Tim Sackton: on the Crown, I mean, you've several Faye have also mentioned, like
Tim Sackton: you have to learn how to use it before it decides to
Tim Sackton: just keep going. How Fasto controlled it, right like Riswind hasn't figured out how to
Mike Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Did I make any progress while I was sort of resting at the court of the
Kate Sackton: I told you I was gonna try to
Kate Sackton: meditate and pray on it a lot.
Kate Sackton: not spiraling anymore out of touch with it. If I'm trying, that's my point.
Tim Sackton: It's complicated. I mean, right? You can sort of you're sort of keeping things roughly under control
Tim Sackton: in the sense that.
Tim Sackton: you know your
Tim Sackton: there like you're you're not getting.
Tim Sackton: You're not like being sucked into the
Tim Sackton: You know the yeah.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. I'm not sure what I'm you're not getting sucked into the
Tim Sackton: sorry. Just
Kate Sackton: Version of things
Tim Sackton: Right, but you don't have any idea like it's not clear that just by studying it you can, you know, invent how to
Tim Sackton: like turn it to your own purpose.
Tim Sackton: Right? This is probably something you need. You know. You need to somebody to show you how to do, or some to find some
Tim Sackton: clue somewhere, or I mean normally.
Tim Sackton: your feeling the way I mean the way the Crown works normally. If you reject it and it just vanishes, then it sort of resets to its factory conditions.
Tim Sackton: and the next person who picks it up slowly merges with it and learns how to use it. But it's been in the, you know. It's been passed down from, you know, one leader of the cleanse to the next leader, like leader of the cleanse, for like 150 years, and it's very strongly set in the lake.
Tim Sackton: you know, mind control frame. And so you could just, you could, you know, reset it to factory conditions, and it would skip off somewhere until it was found again. Or you need some kind of powerful
Tim Sackton: information, some sort of powerful way to sort of wrench it back yourself
Kate Sackton: Okay, that's why it's not sort of just molding to me like it does when it's at factory conditions.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it is a little bit right like its appearance changed.
Tim Sackton: So you are flying east towards the sunset.
Tim Sackton: From your fey guides. It's probably tell you it's probably
Tim Sackton: handful of days journey, although nobody can ever really predict how long any journey will take in the Feywild.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I guess the question, you know, is there anything you want to do over the next couple of days
Eric Rosenbaum: If.
David (he/him): I think it'd be useful like just to get as much of the lay of the land of the Feywild as possible, like trying to understand the different courts, and where things are. And this is just sort of Welby's curiosity. I don't think we need to role play through it all, but just kind of understanding
David (he/him): invalid, understanding that against like what we know already, and trying to put together like a rough map of the place, almost
Tim Sackton: Anybody else.
Kate Sackton: And vibes of justice and charity and consideration to my Draconian contacts
Tim Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: Oh, over the course
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
Kate Sackton: We always asked for, like divine advice about some path we're taking, too.
Kate Sackton: did we? I mean, I guess we already decided that we're going to
Kate Sackton: something watch instead of the library place right
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, and seeker will spend some time flying alongside the scholar who's
Eric Rosenbaum: writing his book on the mundane world, thinking to perhaps in a tit for tat way, exchange
Eric Rosenbaum: his own experiences with the
Eric Rosenbaum: quirks and Arkenna and oddities of the mundane world that he can explain in detail.
Eric Rosenbaum: or who knows what insights from this one who's a face scholar right
Tim Sackton: Yeah, she's a she's from Gleamwater, which is a
Tim Sackton: a fey city, unlike a lot of the places you've been in, the Feywild, like a city with canals and buildings and libraries and things that seems to be somewhere about like where charted is
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, so yeah, I'll learn about that when I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: And for example, is there any kind of connection to chelite that crosses planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there a taillight analog here?
Eric Rosenbaum: There are an orphan kins out here
Kate Sackton: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: So over the course
Eric Rosenbaum: Of tower.
Tim Sackton: Hey!
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 university fei are there, fay universities? There must be
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so she's she's very curious about seeker as you're flying next to each other, kind of talking as the as the
Tim Sackton: no, no, Chelite is a very much, not a faith thing.
Tim Sackton: As as you're talking and sort of flying. She's.
Tim Sackton: you know. She's taking notes very curious about
Tim Sackton: just the idea of like scholarship in general.
Tim Sackton: and she talks a lot about how you know Gleamwater does not.
Tim Sackton: It's not like there's a university, there's not. I mean.
Tim Sackton: time works differently right. If they don't age in the same way that people age.
Tim Sackton: there's not. You don't write down books because
Tim Sackton: things in books, because you have to preserve history exactly.
Tim Sackton: and the Arch Bay have been the Arch Bay since ever like there's not
Tim Sackton: the world doesn't change the way that
Tim Sackton: that the mundane world changes, and that's actually what fascinates her about the mundane world. It's
Tim Sackton: she gets talk, you know, seeker got a start in scholarship, in part by curiosity about these, like
Tim Sackton: cataclysmic changes in ley lines and mountains and things like that. And she's just totally fascinated by this process.
Tim Sackton: And it's not like the Feywild is static. It just doesn't change
Tim Sackton: in that sort of cataclysmic way. It changes because the arch fate changes. It changes because fine.
Tim Sackton: you know somebody a new, you know. An Arch Fay
Tim Sackton: conquers a new domain, or there's a new.
Tim Sackton: There's a new arch, Faye, I mean. She tells you about the
Tim Sackton: in her part of the world there's a
Tim Sackton: there's a fey realm called Fate's Ruin, that a long time ago.
Tim Sackton: Again she says it's not clear how to describe time exactly, but in the past
Tim Sackton: It was a place of.
Tim Sackton: I never traveled there long ago, but it is said it. It was a place of
Tim Sackton: great beauty, where there were many sculptures and
Tim Sackton: statues, and the land itself formed works of art, rising up from the ground until the Baron came.
Tim Sackton: Many of people call him the Rust Baron.
Tim Sackton: and it became a place steeped in decay, a place where
Tim Sackton: everything, no matter how great, eventually crumbles to dust with time.
Tim Sackton: and that time happens at the touch of the Baron
Eric Rosenbaum: And so, where there once used to be
Tim Sackton: Great statues and enormous mountains carved into beautiful shapes. There is now crumbling dust.
Tim Sackton: So things change, but not because of time passes, because the fae change
Eric Rosenbaum: Does she know about the whole Cloud spinner situation?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, everybody knows about the Cloud spinner disappearing.
Tim Sackton: I don't think he told anybody other than
Tim Sackton: I actually can't remember if you told her about. You definitely told the satire about your mission
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: I don't think we did. We told the earlier
Eric Rosenbaum: But speaking in hypotheticals. If some brave party of
Eric Rosenbaum: very powerful and attractive adventurers were to restore the cloud spinner to power
Eric Rosenbaum: that would actually change the structure of the fate world itself. You're suggesting
Tim Sackton: Oh, yes, I mean
Tim Sackton: I haven't been to Amberglow. It's too dangerous for the likes of me, I must say, but
Tim Sackton: heard it as a plays bleached of color.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Even though the afternoon golden light still shines, it's
Tim Sackton: Blott and Wayne. And of course.
Tim Sackton: should the cloud spinner return, so was the color that lights up her realm.
Tim Sackton: So many reasons
David (he/him): Would be bad for the cloud spinner to return.
David (he/him): Everyone seems to think it would just be great all around, right
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The the satyr chimes in here like I mean, are you an idiot?
Mike Sackton: Like.
Tim Sackton: I guess if you were, you know, a terror of the night.
Tim Sackton: you might think it was bad
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: But you know that
Tim Sackton: she was very strong, right? And everybody covering up her realm has been, you know, unhappy.
Tim Sackton: There are places, of course, where things are more
Tim Sackton: I don't know less chaos. I haven't been to them, but
Tim Sackton: I mean harrow and wind are about as nasty as they come.
Tim Sackton: and it's not like the gloom. Shaper isn't pretty.
Tim Sackton: It's like a friendly guy.
Tim Sackton: So no, I mean, nothing bad would happen.
Tim Sackton: Great.
Tim Sackton: Not sure why you have to ask such foolish questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Kate Sackton: You don't like pie either.
Tim Sackton: Who doesn't like pie.
Tim Sackton: Actually, to be honest pie is like my only 7th favorite dessert, or something
David (he/him): What's your favorite dessert?
David (he/him): Order one through 6
Tim Sackton: Well, cookies, they're just so convenient, you know. You can grab a couple and keep dancing.
Tim Sackton: and they go well with wine pie. It's just kind of messy right? You need a
Tim Sackton: if you're holding your plate and you're eating with a fork. What do you do with your wine glass? Tell me that. What do you do with your wine glass?
Tim Sackton: So cookies, you know.
Tim Sackton: A nice petite 4.
Tim Sackton: Any kind of sweet pastry, dessert breads.
Tim Sackton: really anything you can eat in one hand, I would say, is better than pie.
Mike Sackton: You've never heard of hand pies, have you?
Tim Sackton: I. That sounds like a fascinating invention
Mike Sackton: Well, tonight I know what we're having. After dinner
Tim Sackton: Now
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Tim Sackton: So time passes.
David (he/him): Who knows?
Tim Sackton: Sun never sats.
Tim Sackton: Of course it just gets slowly dimmer and dimmer as you
Tim Sackton: head east, the sun gradually sinking in the sky as you travel across the land.
Tim Sackton: so it is not straightforward to tell when
Tim Sackton: one day has ended and the next began.
Tim Sackton: Sometimes hunger strikes you, but something about the sense of the yeah.
Tim Sackton: the odors wafting up from the from the vineyards and all of the food. And and
Tim Sackton: you know, rivalry. You ate.
Tim Sackton: however, many days ago. It was now.
Tim Sackton: You don't find yourself hungry that often.
Tim Sackton: but you stop to eat occasionally, and as Mara talks about the sort of
Tim Sackton: lands around here that she passed through from the from the East. She avoided fates, ruin
Tim Sackton: she traveled through the fortunes, rest that court of the chance weaver.
Tim Sackton: lord of gambling, Prince of luck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Been there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange place
Tim Sackton: She passed through shimmer song.
Tim Sackton: Where Lord Egan, the light dancer, grows
Tim Sackton: you know, turns crystals into fruits and fruits, into gems with a touch
Tim Sackton: nestled among the mountains, and she turned south through everlight's bloom, a realm of endless
Tim Sackton: afternoon light, eternal warmth, where flowers are always in broom, and the light sun turns everything to gold, and everything is locked in stasis as if it's a field of beautiful glass flowers.
Tim Sackton: And then she passed south from there to into Emberwine, where you met her.
Tim Sackton: She gives you some like details, little bits of color about these places, and
Tim Sackton: nobody really maps, the Feywild, the geography distances are not constant. There's no way to measure
Tim Sackton: exactly how far something is, because there's no fixed distance. Things that
Tim Sackton: take one person a week to travel might take the next person a day to travel, not because they're going faster, but because the distances change
Tim Sackton: so she doesn't. She can't really give you a map exactly, but you get a sense of the relationship between things where
Tim Sackton: shimmersong and everlight's bloom are west stove, amber glow, West and north.
Tim Sackton: Amber wine is south of Amberglow.
Tim Sackton: and then, going further west from
Tim Sackton: shimmer Song you have fortunes rest, and then gleam water
Tim Sackton: with Fate's ruin sort of to the south of those.
Tim Sackton: Some of this is, you know, is reported in.
Tim Sackton: is consistent with what's reported by
Tim Sackton: in the lore of the Feywild
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So Fate's fate's ruin is is described in there as is fortunes, rest and shimmersong and
Tim Sackton: and clean water.
Tim Sackton: So the conversation ebbs and flows.
Tim Sackton: You find yourself time passing until after a few nights, 3, 4 nights, sleep.
Tim Sackton: You see ahead of you the Sunset Gate, a massive wall that stretches
Tim Sackton: as far as you can see into the sky, blocking further travel east.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: the light of the sunset itself. Chris crystallized, and
Tim Sackton: frozen into this shimmering wall that gleams and reflects the light in all directions.
Tim Sackton: There are, you know, the occasional
Tim Sackton: gates and tunnels that look like you could sort of push your way through, although
Tim Sackton: You are warned by both Valeris and Esmara that you know time in the Feywild. At least, although distances are inconstant and it's hard to measure time.
Tim Sackton: Time flows in a sort of normal way, but crossing the Sunset Gate all bets are off, you might find yourself crawling through a tunnel, and then.
Tim Sackton: a year later, emerged to the end, even though it only felt like a moment for you.
Tim Sackton: so it is difficult it is. It is risky to just step through the gate at unsupervised crossings, although there are, you know, borders that pass between realms from one side of the Sunset Gate to the other.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it made of? Is it? Is it like highly reflective, like mirror, surfaced rock?
Tim Sackton: Parts of it are highly reflective. Other parts are sort of orange and reds, and and look like solid crystal.
Tim Sackton: and some of it looks like almost like oil paint, just kind of thrown into the sky and
Tim Sackton: stuck there
Eric Rosenbaum: The matte painting thing
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, exactly. It looks like a like the matte painting at the back of a movie screen.
Tim Sackton: But it changes as you watch it like it, sort of shimmers and shifts a little bit, some of the reflective parts glowing brightly, and then sort of becoming dull a little bit, and shifting
Tim Sackton: and solidifying and swirling into a new color.
Tim Sackton: It's not a fixed thing, it's not
Tim Sackton: It's not
Eric Rosenbaum: But if
Tim Sackton: Like as you stare at it. You can see there's like it's like the red spot of Jupiter, or something like from a distance. It looks like it's not moving, but when you zoom in on it you can see that there's patterns within it
Eric Rosenbaum: And it just as far as the eye can see, to the north and south
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: it divides light from dark
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we safely get close enough to, you know
Tim Sackton: Touch it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker likes to.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a stone-like phenomenon. It's of interest
Tim Sackton: Rocks, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can. As long as you don't try and pass through it.
Tim Sackton: It's it's warm to the touch.
Tim Sackton: Feels pleasant here, at least not burning, but a little bit warm. It feels
Tim Sackton: it feels smooth, even the parts that look sort of jagged, almost soft in places
Eric Rosenbaum: And and was this?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we know this already. This was not always here. This appeared at some point recently
Tim Sackton: This has always been here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: In to the north, where Red Sun watch is, which is where you're going. The
Tim Sackton: fey realm of hollow dark, which is ruled by the Archfey wend me.
Tim Sackton: The silence that follows has crashed through the sunset Gate, and darkness is spreading, and rivers into Amberglow.
Tim Sackton: but the Sunset Gate's always been there. It stretches well, as far as anybody knows.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it just a gate between light and darkness?
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It's the border between light and dark.
Mike Sackton: Does. It does seeker stones, fence, fence anything? Is it even stone
Eric Rosenbaum: Good question.
Tim Sackton: It's not stone, or if it's stone, it's not anything that you can clearly identify as stalling
Eric Rosenbaum: Discreetly chip off a souvenir piece
Tim Sackton: It doesn't check
Tim Sackton: It does not seem to be breakable.
Eric Rosenbaum: I assume we're like on the ground at the base of it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, does it? If you're exploring it.
Mike Sackton: Go up forever. What's the what, what's above it?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, there's nothing above it. It goes up forever
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Or at least as far as you can see.
Mike Sackton: Right, so like disappears into the sky. But it looks like it's still going
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we have no reason or belief that it would be any value or benefit to try and cross this right
Kate Sackton: Or not.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean, your plan was to follow it north
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Eventually you'll hit Red Sun. Keep the Red Sun Lodge
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what you're saying. If we go
Eric Rosenbaum: in that direction. That would be the the way that we're going. But if we were to go, for instance, off to the side
Eric Rosenbaum: to try to go through the wall
Mike Sackton: It would be a side quest.
Mike Sackton: That is, that the right term
Eric Rosenbaum: I just gotta tell you this. I've been like making up stories with Izzy each night. We do stars and stories, we call it.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: it's been fun, because it sort of gradually becomes more coherent. And so I'm like, Oh, cool! I can like pretend to be the wizard character that we made up and say like, I will give you a quest. And the other night she was just like, No, no, no, no, this is what we're doing. Instead, I'm like, Oh, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: so that's how it's gonna be
David (he/him): I don't
David S. Kong: You can we can we go up the wall like what happens if you keep going up the wall
Mike Sackton: I mean, we have Ryan griffins, but we
Tim Sackton: Keeps going up
Mike Sackton: Bowing.
David S. Kong: To where.
David (he/him): I mean is, is there any downside to going through the gate and like fast forwarding by years or centuries like? Is there any? Is there any reason that's not good?
Mike Sackton: I think it might be bad for Riswin and the Crown
David (he/him): Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here. Just stay here for a second riswin. We're gonna go check out
Eric Rosenbaum: the other side, and we'll be right back
Mike Sackton: Ever happens.
Mike Sackton: That's actually how Rizwin leaves the campaign. We accidentally stumble through the Sunset Gate and tell her to stay behind a hundred years past.
David (he/him): Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like guys
Mike Sackton: Wait. We can't like we can't not go in right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we could totally not go in
Kate Sackton: You can totally not go through the impenetrable wall that has no top or bottom, or left or right
Eric Rosenbaum: There are soft spots and gates in it, but we're going to be really conscientious and focused about
Mike Sackton: We're gonna be consciution focused and walk next to temptation for many more hours and see what happens
David (he/him): That's exactly. And if we happen to trip and fall through like things happen
Mike Sackton: But also isn't the other side of this, like
Mike Sackton: the the guys who almost killed us home domain
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the bad place. Yeah.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And greenwood like plug up the hole in the wall. I think. Basically, let's trying to do
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're gonna turn
Tim Sackton: Valeris. The Satrav feels he has to interject here, although he doesn't want to.
Tim Sackton: You definitely should keep going north like
Tim Sackton: that's your quest. You'd be foolish to turn aside.
Tim Sackton: But I have to tell you the other side across from Emberwine is not actually hollow dark.
Tim Sackton: It's Nocturne Vale where the Duke of Dreams rules
Eric Rosenbaum: The Duke of Dreams.
Eric Rosenbaum: And and what does he do
Tim Sackton: I don't know. I've never been
David (he/him): What if we hit it on the way back
Kate Sackton: Good idea.
Tim Sackton: You can do whatever you want. Once my curse is broken.
David (he/him): Spoken truly, unselfishly.
Mike Sackton: You're gonna have to work on this selfishness thing to break your curse. You know. Practice practice
Mike Sackton: practice makes perfect
Tim Sackton: Who's the most unselfish of you? Who should I? Who can I follow around?
Tim Sackton: Not everyone
Mike Sackton: Brist that. Well.
David S. Kong: Riz, when
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: Riswin, who somehow ended up with the crown
Mike Sackton: Kenza's unselfish. As long as you agree with his goals of crushing the chile trade, he'd give up a lot for that. Yeah.
David S. Kong: I would vote Brisbane first, st though Brisbane was selfish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dealt with is always cooking for everybody, but Rizwyn, sort of like, holds down the fort all by herself all the time, so
David (he/him): Thank God!
Mike Sackton: Doesn't complain when we abandoned her
David (he/him): I'd make. All of this is true, but I'd also make the case for secret like
David (he/him): it's just pure foolishness and curiosity like there's no, there's no self-interest in that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I mean, I'm always unselfishly accumulating artifacts and knowledge for myself.
David S. Kong: Hi
Tim Sackton: Drive that kind of unselfishness for a really long time it did not work
Eric Rosenbaum: And
David S. Kong: They actually
Tim Sackton: Think it's actual, hey, Mike.
David S. Kong: So I don't poly for sure.
David S. Kong: See, seeker's got most but strong strongest fae vibes
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, a little bit, little bit.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm touched. Touched by the Fae
David S. Kong: Hmm
Tim Sackton: So north, right.
David (he/him): Orthodox
Tim Sackton: Let's go.
Tim Sackton: You look dubious
Eric Rosenbaum: He could reluctantly drags his hand along beautiful, ever-shifting, strange, warm stone
Tim Sackton: But you travel.
David S. Kong: Sorry. How do we know that the other side of the wall is the demon Scary place
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody says so.
David S. Kong: Oh, okay.
Kate Sackton: Because where it's broken open, the Demon Scary place is streaming into Amberglow
David S. Kong: Oh, got it? Got it? Got it? Got it? Got it? Okay?
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: But it's so pretty
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I love this image
David (he/him): On the way back. On the way back.
David S. Kong: Can I do that? How do you make it true?
Mike Sackton: Won't we be next to the sun? Say, I guess I guess we don't really want to go into Hello.
Mike Sackton: Halloween! Whence? What was it? What was it
Tim Sackton: Hollow, dark.
Mike Sackton: Holodeck wait are hollow and wend 2 different people
Tim Sackton: Nobody is really sure
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So. Yes, we had more
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: You travel along the Sunset Gate, watching its colors shift and twist and
Tim Sackton: blend with each other, occasionally catching
Tim Sackton: the scent of dreams on the wind.
Tim Sackton: the taste of the colors of the sunset on your tongue
Tim Sackton: as you make your way north.
Tim Sackton: This part of Emberwine is not inhabited really.
Tim Sackton: And you get the sense that this is pretty far from the lake center of
Tim Sackton: center of gravity, of ember wine.
Tim Sackton: There's rolling hills and sort of valleys, but not any. You know the the vineyards that coat most of the the realm don't stretch here, and everything seems quiet in a way that isn't really characteristic of amber wine elsewhere.
Tim Sackton: almost as if this is sort of the you know
Tim Sackton: the nap after the party that transitions into Nocturne vale.
Tim Sackton: Time passes, you sleep. You eat, sleep again
Tim Sackton: hard, really to say exactly how long it's been.
Tim Sackton: But eventually
Tim Sackton: you reach a point where you begin to see ahead of you. The color sort of bleaching from the land. I assume you're still flying at this point.
Tim Sackton: So this is maybe 50 60 miles away. It's sort of on the edge of what you can see.
Tim Sackton: The the vines fade, the landscape shifts to these rolling hills.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: sorry, the the even the plants begin to sort of turn a bit
Tim Sackton: bleached, a bit gray and faded
Tim Sackton: as you begin to push north and
Tim Sackton: Well, the Satyr Belarus is
Tim Sackton: on this quest for better or worse. As Mara, the scholar, is a little uncertain.
Tim Sackton: Ember glow is dangerous, she says.
Tim Sackton: I meant to come to the Sunset gate, but I may turn south here and
Tim Sackton: search for a dream, Warden to lead me across the Nocturne Vale, for we reached the point where
Tim Sackton: we pass from west of Nocturne Vale to west of Hollow, dark and crossing becomes wrought with peril.
Tim Sackton: so, unless anybody has a strong argument to try and convince her, she turns and bids you farewell.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Having gone far enough to observe the
Tim Sackton: the sort of borderlands between Amberwine and Amberglow, but not quite willing to cross over into Amberglow.
Tim Sackton: So as she leaves you, continue flying.
Tim Sackton: As you begin to reach beyond that.
Tim Sackton: maybe another half day passes or something, and you see a line of hills in front of you. Stark.
Tim Sackton: The sort of yeah bleached plains of amber wine in the distance.
Tim Sackton: Sunset Gate still there along along the edge. But the colors sort of fracturing now into more.
Tim Sackton: Grays and whites and everything sort of desaturated.
Tim Sackton: You're still flying! How high up are you flying
David (he/him): 100 feet
Mike Sackton: Yeah, something like that.
David (he/him): Plus or minus
Kate Sackton: Not pretty.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was it?
David (he/him): 100 feet, just like just out of short range for a bow shot. Say.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Tim Sackton: So as you.
Tim Sackton: So as you fly, you you sort of why, across
Tim Sackton: this sort of bleached plain, and and pass over this line of low hills.
Tim Sackton: you know, very low hills, you know, coming no more than a few 100 feet, but like a sort of rolling, jagged landscape.
Tim Sackton: And you see below you sort of walking along the border of of Amberglow, a group of 4,
Tim Sackton: very large, maybe 1520 foot tall.
Tim Sackton: Humanoids with
David S. Kong: So.
Tim Sackton: one of them is is carrying a staff that's got like the skull of some sort of creature on the top of it. That's probably a
Tim Sackton: 15 foot tall staff. He's probably 20 feet tall.
Tim Sackton: At the other 3. Kind of all sort of.
Tim Sackton: you know, one of their eyes. Their eyes are sort of like twisted and misshapen a little bit. They're not wearing very much dirty Lauren cloths.
Tim Sackton: and they're walking along, and as they look up as they see you, and and the one shouts out in a booming, loud voice, in
Tim Sackton: So then, travelers stop!
Tim Sackton: You must pay the toll
David (he/him): Feel like we should go higher and faster at this point
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And they're they're very tall.
Mike Sackton: 4 of them 20 feet tall.
Kate Sackton: As long as they don't seem to have any like helpless prisoners that we can spy who need rescuing.
Kate Sackton: I like higher and faster
David (he/him): Selfless, says Welby, pointing over at you
Mike Sackton: So don't you think they might?
Mike Sackton: Something
Eric Rosenbaum: They might work.
Mike Sackton: Know something about what dangers we might face
Kate Sackton: It might be what dangers we might face
David (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Tim Sackton: They yell again!
Kate Sackton: What does the Seder say?
David (he/him): We're
Kate Sackton: Yeah, yeah, cool.
Mike Sackton: Can I? Griffins hover!
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll
Tim Sackton: No, I don't think your griffins can hover
Kate Sackton: How about we circle?
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll like nudge the driven to circle a bit
David (he/him): Yeah, let's ask the Seder what
Mike Sackton: And I'll shout down. What is the toll?
Tim Sackton: One vial of blood, each
Eric Rosenbaum: Whose blood.
Tim Sackton: Come on, now, don't do something you might regret
David (he/him): We're already doing something. We might
Mike Sackton: No, I I is there!
Eric Rosenbaum: Documented knowledge of the use of blood in the phthalo
Mike Sackton: It. There is nothing good that comes of giving giving a failure. Blood just nothing
Tim Sackton: When he says that with that was like, I'm not doing that
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Nothing good comes of this.
Kate Sackton: Firefight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep circling.
Mike Sackton: We'll circle. We'll circle a few more times. Let's go. I'll angle a little higher, 150 feet up
David (he/him): Let's leave
Mike Sackton: No, thank you
Tim Sackton: Last Chance.
Mike Sackton: We're leaving
Tim Sackton: Curse you fools!
David S. Kong: Hey, Tim? When I soul site them. What happens?
Tim Sackton: You're not in range for soul sight.
David S. Kong: Oh, we were never! I was never in range of Salsa
Tim Sackton: No.
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Let's see. Wait a minute
David S. Kong: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Because in range for full sight would be in range for weapons right
Tim Sackton: No, it's like 60 or 90 feet something like that. But
Tim Sackton: okay. So you fly off
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: They don't immediately start to follow you.
Tim Sackton: the Saturn kind of looks over at you like.
Tim Sackton: It's really nice to be able to fly
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Starts laughing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that usual in the Feywild actually
Tim Sackton: Flight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, e
Tim Sackton: A little unusual. I mean
Tim Sackton: there's not, I mean, there's there are, of course, some say that fly right like there's
Tim Sackton: pixies and sprites and things that have wings, and but most
Tim Sackton: the most common Feywild creatures are like them satyrs and the like.
Tim Sackton: you know the the paragons, like Auntie mulberry is like humanoid rabbits, and
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You know, other sort of animal folk, and then the like.
Tim Sackton: Just the sort of generic fey that are sort of slightly, Alvin, but none of them. None of them can fly
Eric Rosenbaum: And is there any? Has anyone ever heard of a flying vehicle
Tim Sackton: Buying a vehicle
Eric Rosenbaum: A skyship, you might call it
Tim Sackton: Somebody must have had a skyship at some point in the Feywild
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David S. Kong: I mean, we don't know. Vina Sharna could have been in the farewell before at some point
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But the thoughts are
Tim Sackton: Valeris hasn't like heard of any stories or rumors of skyships necessarily.
Tim Sackton: you know, they were always a giant thing, and giants were never really a big part of the stay. Wild
Eric Rosenbaum: All this does raise the question of why this wall needs to be infinitely tall, but
Eric Rosenbaum: you'd think to prevent a Fay rabbit from crossing it. It could be a couple
Tim Sackton: Because otherwise the sunshine might shine into the dark place
David (he/him): Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's not to keep, you know creatures out.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's to keep the the beneficent light of the sun away
Tim Sackton: No, it's just I mean it's the border between light and dark.
Tim Sackton: So if it if it stopped, it's if it stopped below the height of the sun.
Eric Rosenbaum: How would it
Mike Sackton: Be a border.
Tim Sackton: Be a border.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're saying it extends
Eric Rosenbaum: to the height of the sun, so if we could calculate its height, then we would know
Tim Sackton: And seeker has a new side quest.
Tim Sackton: and it doesn't count the shadow. So how would you calculate the type
Eric Rosenbaum: I was just thinking about that
Mike Sackton: Just climb up it
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the only answer dealt with. You're right.
David S. Kong: I'm totally in favor of just running up this wall and seeing what happens
Mike Sackton: Can walk up walls right? Just run up the wall
David S. Kong: That's literally what I said.
Kate Sackton: I keep staring up the wall
David (he/him): In the same in the same way that, like distance, distance isn't distance like the wall, could be both infinitely long and 100 feet tall, at the same time
Mike Sackton: That is true.
Eric Rosenbaum: And said.
Mike Sackton: You might run up the wall for the rest of your life.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whatever it needs to do
David (he/him): Conceptually to stop the sunlight
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, and it's top is its bottom, or whatever. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You never know. Maybe you just run in circles for your entire life.
Mike Sackton: Is there even a sun in the Feywild? What does that even mean?
Eric Rosenbaum: There is a sun. It just doesn't move in the sky.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't move.
Eric Rosenbaum: You you moved.
Mike Sackton: Right, but like does it as you walk
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, a little bit
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it was a little bit
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I suppose we could just send the ladder up, anyway.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's like, let's like move forward instead of sideways.
Kate Sackton: 5 north.
Mike Sackton: We're continuing to. I mean, I assume we're we're keeping the sunset gate on our right hand, right like we're pretty close to it.
Mike Sackton: and we just I think we're gonna fly north until we
David (he/him): Good.
Mike Sackton: See darkness right in the distance. Presumably darkness is fairly visible.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we should maybe scout a bit right like. You know
Eric Rosenbaum: We could try the clairvoyance trick again. I suppose
David (he/him): Scoop that
Mike Sackton: I'll set it higher up and
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, we could just fly higher up, though.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, or even just
Mike Sackton: well, mostly, I think we want to just keep an eye out for, like other flying things
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, true.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: I don't even I don't even think we have to scout ahead so much as just fly in a sort of I don't know if a dragon comes on us. We don't want to all die in its initial fireball. Right?
Mike Sackton: Let's just fly in a sensible formation slightly spread out.
Kate Sackton: 10,
Mike Sackton: And and with, you know, a couple of people in front and a couple of people in back, and you know
Eric Rosenbaum: 10. That's the what's the full group. Now.
Eric Rosenbaum: aside from the 5 of us
Tim Sackton: Just just Valeris, the Satra.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: That's 6 of you, and you've got one Wyvern, and 5 griffins
Eric Rosenbaum: And the waver's name
Tim Sackton: I don't know. Welby. What's the women's name?
David (he/him): Worven doesn't have a name yet.
David (he/him): It's a good name for a Wyvern
Eric Rosenbaum: A Lego person earlier tonight was named Bisalam
Tim Sackton: That is not a good name for Wizard, spiky
David (he/him): I, yeah, I feel like we're we're sort of waiting for its personality to emerge, to, to give it an appropriate name.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there, you go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: With you too.
Kate Sackton: Its essence, like the latter
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're all you're on a you're on a griffin
David S. Kong: No, I was. I thought I was riding with the river with
David (he/him): I think.
David (he/him): Is that true?
David S. Kong: Remember. Remember, at the end of the last session I jumped. I was on. I was on the river, and with with
Mike Sackton: How are you?
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I guess 2 people can ride on the 2 of you right? Cause we'll be small, so we'll be plus a medium. So one other person can ride on the ride on the web.
Tim Sackton: So you've got the other the other. Griffin K supplies since you're
Tim Sackton: portable hole is almost entirely full of the cloud. Spinner
David S. Kong: Sweet.
Tim Sackton: So you keep flying.
Tim Sackton: Soaring what? A few 100 feet up! Something like that!
Tim Sackton: Sort of flying a bit of a scouting pattern.
Tim Sackton: Some time passes.
Tim Sackton: Are you like landing to eat like? What's your routine here?
Mike Sackton: Are we hungry.
Kate Sackton: I mean, we've occasionally landed to eat, so we might as well keep up that
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, I think we yeah, I think we'll like Scout, I mean, as as we sort of feel hungry. We'll scout make sure there's nobody travel across land.
Mike Sackton: If we feel tired and like we need to sleep, we can talk about setting up a camp with. Probably we want to do pretty significant watches right like
David (he/him): 3 people watching.
Mike Sackton: You know, like doubling up watch right?
Mike Sackton: you know. Do we have any like spells of safe?
Mike Sackton: D. I'm not sure
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: So as you sort of
Tim Sackton: travel, you know, time passes like I said, you're not.
Tim Sackton: You're not particularly feeling tired or hungry. But, Welby, you do notice
Tim Sackton: in after some amount of time has passed, it's hard to say exactly how much, but you're well out of the rate out of sight of the
Tim Sackton: of the strange giants that you passed before so
Tim Sackton: few hours. 3, 5, 7 h! Something like that.
Tim Sackton: You see running along the plains below
Tim Sackton: clearly, sort of, you know, in the distance. Probably I don't know. 15 miles away, 10 miles away from you, diagonally, but heading in your direction. What? Look like
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3 sort of small figures on some kind of mount running in your direction with a sort of
Tim Sackton: pack of something moving around them, hard to say what at this distance
Mike Sackton: There's probably check
David (he/him): What's good
Mike Sackton: We should probably check it out
David (he/him): Yeah, we'll we'll at least pull the Wuvern in their direction, and
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Understand what they are.
Mike Sackton: Wheel sort of towards them.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: So as you do. You see, you know you turn and you fly in that direction. You see what look like.
Tim Sackton: 2, no. 3 massively large wolves, probably 1520 feet long.
Tim Sackton: loping along, each of which has mounted on top of it a
Tim Sackton: creature hard to say what it is at this, you know from, you know, maybe maybe a mile away, when it's clear that there's giant wolves running along. But each of the 3 giant wolves is mounted, and then there's probably
Tim Sackton: a few dozen smaller wolves kind of running around like running out in different directions. Kind of seems to be.
Tim Sackton: maybe a hunting party of some kind
David (he/him): Well, they see us, presumably
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, they're wheeling towards you.
David (he/him): Do. They have ranged weapons that they're carrying? Obviously
Tim Sackton: Well from a mile away. It's impossible to see what they're carrying
David (he/him): Oh! From a quarter mile away.
Tim Sackton: So you just get closer they've got bows and spear wait! Hold on
Mike Sackton: Wait. Are they sorry I missed that a minute ago? Are they chasing somebody, or just riding across the plains
Tim Sackton: They're riding towards you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: One of them.
Tim Sackton: One of them has a has a bow.
Tim Sackton: Clearly actually sorry. No, all 3 of them have those and swords
David (he/him): Hey? Can we outrun them?
Tim Sackton: you've certainly made it a lot harder at this point.
Tim Sackton: The Wyvern almost certainly can.
Tim Sackton: The griffins see
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, the griffins can fly, you know. Both the Wyvern and the griffins can fly pretty fast.
Tim Sackton: You know, flying at top speed
Tim Sackton: if they turn and chase, it's not clear
Tim Sackton: whether you can. Actually, this is a pretty flat oven plane. It's not obvious you can lose them before you get
Tim Sackton: tired.
Tim Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: I think we should. I think it's worth turning and and running and seeing what happens. I mean, we could always toss a couple of things in their direction, to
David (he/him): We're gonna get harder. But
Mike Sackton: Fireball I'm just trying to think if I have any good
Eric Rosenbaum: Any association come to mind with
Eric Rosenbaum: Faye Wolf riders or Mega wolves
David (he/him): Oh, let's ask our friend, who are these guys
Tim Sackton: good question.
Mike Sackton: At.
Tim Sackton: I don't have trust anybody just randomly wandering in
Tim Sackton: Amberglow. That's for sure. I mean, I present company excluded. There's nothing but nasty things there
Eric Rosenbaum: That come out of the shadows. In other words.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that said, like, yeah, I don't know who's hunting here
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder what they are hunting
Tim Sackton: I mean
Kate Sackton: Bowlers
Kate Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: I I don't see any downside in just flying away, and possibly dropping a few spells towards them to see if we can slow them down a bit to let us help get away.
Mike Sackton: How, how tightly clustered are they
Tim Sackton: I mean, they're sort of.
Tim Sackton: So there's 3 giant wolves, each with a rider.
Tim Sackton: You know. They're probably
Tim Sackton: 30, 40 feet apart from each other kind of spread out. And then there's it's hard to say exactly how many a dozen.
Tim Sackton: maybe more, sort of smaller wolves that are that are running alongside
Mike Sackton: I mean, yeah, we could.
Mike Sackton: And they're like, how far I mean, let's just
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Wait! How far away are we
Mike Sackton: if we turn that
Tim Sackton: Like a quarter mile
Mike Sackton: Okay. So we're like over a thousand feet
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Say, you're like a thousand feet away
Tim Sackton: So you turn and you begin to fly away.
Tim Sackton: and they they like clearly wheel to follow you.
Tim Sackton: You know these giant wolves are, you know, running pretty fast. I mean, they're they've got quite the down
Tim Sackton: stride.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Probably moving a little bit faster than them. But but you know you're mounts, are
Tim Sackton: your griffins are carrying people and stuff. And
Tim Sackton: you know. Yeah, they've certainly seen you in turn to follow you. I mean, you're like nobody. You're
Tim Sackton: you're ahead of them by a decent amount
Mike Sackton: Nobody cares if we start hurting them right
Kate Sackton: We can. We can start the fight.
Mike Sackton: Any reason not to throw some spells their way
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait. Are we not gonna just get away if we keep flying
Mike Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: I was going to throw a few things to help us get away like
Mike Sackton: pound them with. I have a I've never cast it. But ice storm has a range of 300 feet.
Mike Sackton: which I can double to 600 feet.
Mike Sackton: and it makes it makes it difficult terrain
Kate Sackton: That seems like a good thing, too. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Good call, and
Mike Sackton: Does a fair bit of damage
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll just
Mike Sackton: 3, 3, 10 plus slirty deck.
Mike Sackton: right? So like hail. I could cast it multiple times, too, to stack right as they enter right
Kate Sackton: But nothing we can do like inspiration, or guidance, or bless, or anything, will energize our mountains. That's
Kate Sackton: bells have those have like increasing standing on properties.
Kate Sackton: Saving throws and stuff
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could do a bunch of super long range spells, but
Mike Sackton: because I can double the range of any spout with my metamagic.
Mike Sackton: but I don't know how I'll start with as soon as they're in 600 feet. Throw an ice storm at them.
Tim Sackton: So you're going to let them catch up to 600 feet
Mike Sackton: No, I'm just gonna be paying attention to see
Tim Sackton: I did.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Tim Sackton: Hi!
Tim Sackton: They're not at the, you know, at the moment they're not closing on you right? I mean, they're
Tim Sackton: you're outpacing them, or anyway, at least exactly matching them.
Tim Sackton: So, at least for the next couple of hours. It's really a question about who tires 1st
Kate Sackton: Which is why.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Impact
Tim Sackton: You're not going to unless you slow down and let them catch up. They're not going to be able to close on you unless your mounts tire before their mounts do, which seems reasonably likely given the size, disparity, and the
Tim Sackton: you know, flying is harder than
Mike Sackton: Right? Right? Right? Okay. So so they're not gaining on you.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so like an hour or half hour, whatever passes. And we're still
Mike Sackton: They're not really gaining on us.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, if anything, they're falling slightly behind
Mike Sackton: But we don't think the, you know. Can we? Wait? Do our griffins
Mike Sackton: speak? What's the what's their deal in terms of talking to them?
Mike Sackton: Do they like? Speak sylvan, or is it? Are they like animal
Tim Sackton: They're like animals.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll be. Can you
Mike Sackton: get a sense of? Are the satyr or somebody who knows animals give us some idea of how tired they seem
David (he/him): Well, I mean, here's the thing like but
David (he/him): yes, I'm sure I can. And
David (he/him): like this is a giant open plane, with nowhere to go like they can see us from a huge way away.
David (he/him): They knew which direction we're coming from and where we're going, and like
Mike Sackton: Hey!
David (he/him): You know. Aren't those like endurance hunters that just run their prey down eventually
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I'm thinking, if we're gonna run out of
Mike Sackton: stamina, we may as well go after him now, while we can still fly rather than
David (he/him): I definitely agree, like we can't lose them.
Kate Sackton: We will let them close to 600 feet
Mike Sackton: So sure. Let's let's kill him
Mike Sackton: after about. So after I don't know 45 min, we'll start slowing
Mike Sackton: and letting them slowly catch up.
Mike Sackton: Let's actually I mean, I'll start by just slowing down a little bit. Right? Give ourselves a little time to
Eric Rosenbaum: Make some plans.
David (he/him): Helps out enough that we're not caught in area of effect
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David (he/him): I can start shooting at 320 feet
Mike Sackton: So I could cast, I could. I could double the range of a spell with my metamagic.
Mike Sackton: which lets me in theory cast 3 spells all at 600 foot range if I wanted to, before I run out of spells
Kate Sackton: I think you should totally do that
Mike Sackton: So I could.
Mike Sackton: Should I have pound rested
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean I could pound them with some decent long distance spells while we're still 600 feet away.
David (he/him): Yeah, right.
Mike Sackton: Or or a hundred 240 for some of them. But so that's
Mike Sackton: 240 is probably within long range of a long bow, right and
Tim Sackton: Range of a longbow is 600 feet
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow!
Mike Sackton: Oh, is short range, 300 feet
Tim Sackton: Short range design 150
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): Short bow. Long range is 320
Mike Sackton: So if we slow down to 600 feet they'll probably start shooting at us
David (he/him): Yeah, but we can start. The other thing is, we really shouldn't take the Wyvern into combat. So
David (he/him): like at at that point, Kenzo, you feel good about flying on your own
Eric Rosenbaum: Why is that about the Wizard?
Mike Sackton: I think it's training is maybe
Tim Sackton: You can take damage, it might turn well, baby.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, let's see!
David (he/him): Wild animal that happens to be ridden right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sketch it
Mike Sackton: We're not sure about its loyalty if it takes damage, basically
David (he/him): I mean, who has a
Mike Sackton: Wait! Hold on! Hold on! What do we still have in the mirror before we do anything else?
Mike Sackton: What do we still have in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: We don't still have a poison troll. We don't still have any monsters, do we?
Mike Sackton: We use the poison tree?
Mike Sackton: Wait! Why aren't we trying to get one of these people in
Kate Sackton: I was just gonna say, are we trying to trap
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we don't
Mike Sackton: Why didn't we get a giant in the mirror? Why didn't we put a giant in the mirror? And then we could have dropped a giant on these people, and just left
Eric Rosenbaum: Or at least a giant wolf, we should get
David S. Kong: We should a million percent do that very quick aside. Are any of you all watching the anime solo leveling?
David S. Kong: Okay, go watch it. It's very relevant to this conversation. If you do, we'll we'll double back to this. But yeah.
Tim Sackton: You don't have any monsters, you don't have any.
Tim Sackton: I am back to the
Kate Sackton: I want. I don't. I washer lover, link
Mike Sackton: Watch the anime solo leveling.
Mike Sackton: Oh, Nathaniel's with you!
David S. Kong: Daniel knows what I'm talking about. The Daniel. You know what I mean, right? Like we should capture these monsters right and get them get them.
David S. Kong: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah. Nathaniel, no, okay.
David S. Kong: Nathaniel knows
Mike Sackton: But the fana should also be in bed
Kate Sackton: Okay, you know.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's
David S. Kong: Ted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dead is overrated.
David S. Kong: I feel so validated right now that was awesome. Thank you, Nathaniel.
David S. Kong: That's awesome. That's so good
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: South.
Tim Sackton: I mean you're ahead of them. So you've got the initiative here
Mike Sackton: I am fully prepared to sort of spread out so that we're within that nobody's within more than I don't know
Mike Sackton: 40, 50 feet right, like we should form a a line, a circle, or like a an arc
Mike Sackton: right, and start slowing down
Kate Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: I want to.
Mike Sackton: Basically, as soon as I'm within range, cast double ranged ice storm
David (he/him): I think I want to. As that's happening. Here's them. Here's us in front of them.
David (he/him): When this distance is 600 feet.
David (he/him): I want to be 300 feet above them, to be able to be like shooting straight down. So I want to go up high and then be dropping down above them.
Tim Sackton: Have you 200 feet above them. They can also shoot 300 feet off right
David (he/him): Yeah, that's fine.
David (he/him): I feel good about that. Well, we'll go up like a thousand feet and leave the Wyvern up there. And then the 2 of us can come down from above
Tim Sackton: Oh, but you're one, Griffin short
David (he/him): Was.
Tim Sackton: So can jump. One of you can jump on the griffin that's carrying supplies
Mike Sackton: But also they can just fly. They could
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, you could
David S. Kong: Ribbon whistle. We can
Mike Sackton: All fly.
David S. Kong: M,
Mike Sackton: Seeker right and
Tim Sackton: Brisbane.
Tim Sackton: but you
Mike Sackton: When deal with, cast the fly spell. I take all 3 of us
Tim Sackton: Right?
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's not.
Tim Sackton: this is not a good combat to start the roll. 20 thing, because a map is totally pointless at this range
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: But why don't you?
Tim Sackton: Why don't you role initiative just to keep things in order?
Tim Sackton: And well,
Tim Sackton: We'll start
Eric Rosenbaum: Or it's coming in strong
Tim Sackton: Dwarves coming in strong
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Oh!
Mike Sackton: My, did my role go to roll 20 or just D and d beyond
Tim Sackton: I got it 17
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah. I came in 1220,
David S. Kong: Tim, do you have mine?
Tim Sackton: No
David S. Kong: 25,
Tim Sackton: I don't think you're on roll 20
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
David S. Kong: I am
Tim Sackton: You're on the wrong roll. 20. You gotta click that link in the zoom chat
David S. Kong: Oh, shit
Mike Sackton: That's okay. We can see it on the. We can see it on the
Mike Sackton: on the D and D beyond. So
Tim Sackton: Right. I don't have the Dndpr campaign open.
Tim Sackton: Oh, guys.
Mike Sackton: He got 25,
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Bekenzo dealt with seeker riswin
David S. Kong: You know you want to swap into the mate
Mike Sackton: I mean I could swap. If you want
Mike Sackton: the spell to go off first.st I don't think it matters very much, though
Tim Sackton: Okay? So right, I think the trigger here is going to be.
Tim Sackton: Since you guys are sort of have the have control over the engagement.
Tim Sackton: You, you say, when you're
Tim Sackton: like dropping, you can be in whatever position you want when you get within 600 feet.
Tim Sackton: The so so, Wabi, where are you? Right? Where are you?
Mike Sackton: Do we have like a rough map? Just so we can.
Mike Sackton: We don't don't even need a map, just something we can draw on
Tim Sackton: Yeah, right? I mean, sure. Here, let me make this bigger
Mike Sackton: It's all just black. As far as that I can see.
Tim Sackton: I know, because you don't have tokens out. I need to turn on sunlight. How do I?
Tim Sackton: Okay, let me make this just a 40 by 40 grid.
Tim Sackton: Don't drawn there. Give me a sec.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that should be a 40 by 40 grid. And I just need to turn on sunlight, and then you should be able to drag your tokens.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so here's a grid you can draw on
Mike Sackton: I don't know how you drag a token.
Mike Sackton: It's still all black
David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Are our tokens even outweighed there.
Mike Sackton: Aha! Now I can see
Tim Sackton: Like on the little book. You should see your
Mike Sackton: Oh, they changed what the book looks like. I see I see it
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So everybody can drag their tokens out
Mike Sackton: Except I can't. I don't know how you erase. Do they have a racer
Tim Sackton: You just select it and delete it
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I still don't see anything
Mike Sackton: Click on the book and then
David (he/him): Where is my
Mike Sackton: Says doesn't look like a book. It looks like a floppy disk drive
Kate Sackton: The journal.
Mike Sackton: Next to next to the paint, and before the the jukebox
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then I see my, I see my
Mike Sackton: Drag yourself, drag you onto the map.
Tim Sackton: Click here.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can't drag from the picture you have to drag from the name
Tim Sackton: Here.
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes.
Tim Sackton: Do that
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Oh, and I got a
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Tim is screen sharing.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Right, and then
David (he/him): Yay!
Tim Sackton: Eric, you should see all the constructs
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Eric Rosenbaum: Seen that
Mike Sackton: So does anybody.
Mike Sackton: How close do we? I mean the main. The main thing I was trying to figure is, how close does everybody want to be
Mike Sackton: when we're within. When Deliff is within 60 feet
Tim Sackton: Kong. Sorry I'm getting you the the link
David S. Kong: Thanks.
Kate Sackton: Also 600, I mean, I want to see what kind of damage you can do before we get close enough to do for any of us to do anything else like
David (he/him): I want to be just for the sake of round numbers, like 300 feet directly overhead or
David (he/him): a few feet off, maybe a few feet ahead of them, just to keep things simple
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: I'll just put them like the the little Wargs are sort of irrelevant at the moment. The little wolves
Tim Sackton: here are the big ones, and here are the the riders.
Tim Sackton: I mean there is. If you click on your token, and you you should see that little fly button
Tim Sackton: up on the
Tim Sackton: See if this works here. I'm going to share my screen again for a sec. So if you click on your token and you click, fly up here.
Tim Sackton: and then you type in your height.
David (he/him): Whoa!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cool!
Tim Sackton: It's a little 300 on your marker.
Tim Sackton: The only problem thing I haven't figured out is the so
Tim Sackton: when you're zoomed way out, you can't actually see any of the token markers. Oh, also, Eric.
Tim Sackton: okay, this is very cool. If you click Runic inspiration, it will say, choose a target.
Tim Sackton: You click a target.
Tim Sackton: And now Kate can click, use inspiration.
Tim Sackton: and it will give her a menu
Tim Sackton: for which inspiration role she wants to use
Eric Rosenbaum: Cool.
Mike Sackton: Now you you need to do the whole complicated thing, Tim, just explained Kong.
Mike Sackton: where you click on the little book.
Mike Sackton: It's not a book. It looks like a floppy disk here
Eric Rosenbaum: Top right of the screen
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and then drag Kenzo onto
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry I need to. I need to make.
Tim Sackton: I need to make this in.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Now, you should be able to drag Kenzo onto the screen
David S. Kong: Okay? So I do that. There's a floppy disk.
David S. Kong: There's a painter's wheel and a speaker. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Other.
David S. Kong: Kenzo, I see, and then I drag Kenzo into the thing
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Oh, there it is! I think something happened.
Tim Sackton: Yep. Yep.
David S. Kong: You're right there.
David S. Kong: Where am I?
David S. Kong: Oh, I see. Council. Okay. Great, great, cool.
David S. Kong: Okay. Awesome.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, those numbers would be helpful if you could see them
Mike Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
Tim Sackton: No, the only problem you have to be zoomed in to like around. I don't know
Tim Sackton: 60, 70%. If you're assumed all the way out. You can't ever. You can't see the status markers
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Anyway. Okay. So who is
Tim Sackton: do you guys have? Are you all set up
Mike Sackton: I mean, I don't know exactly where everybody's trying to be.
Mike Sackton: They're they're pretty, they're they're running pretty spread out
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are we calculating ranges as hypotenuses or not?
Tim Sackton: I mean at this height, more or less, the best you can doesn't have to be perfect
David (he/him): Are they armored
Tim Sackton: they are not armored.
Tim Sackton: Oh, this is complicated.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so sorry. Go ahead like
Mike Sackton: Style, I would be what I'm I mean.
Mike Sackton: actually looking at the hypotenuse. It's not that
Mike Sackton: at 150 feet up it's pretty close to 600 feet
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: 500,
Tim Sackton: At this at this height. It doesn't make much difference
Mike Sackton: So I would be, but I was trying to be the closest to them.
Mike Sackton: unless other people want to be even closer. Right? So what I'm all I'm trying to figure out is what I'm 600 feet away. And if you call that
Mike Sackton: units of 10, so if we say that's about right. Where is everybody else
Kate Sackton: Behind you.
Eric Rosenbaum: The range is 10 x
Mike Sackton: Yeah, imagine the I just am assuming that, because otherwise it's too confusing. Right? So if we say, that's a 10 X range.
Mike Sackton: right? And I'm aiming to drop a spell.
Mike Sackton: basically right there.
Mike Sackton: right to get both of them.
Mike Sackton: Or right there, I guess.
Mike Sackton: Well, now, okay, well, but I yeah.
Mike Sackton: actually, it's a little more comfortable to get
Mike Sackton: both of them in a 20 foot radius up there right
Kate Sackton: Okay. Great plan.
Mike Sackton: But again, I'm assuming I so I mean, whatever I'm I'm gonna be
Mike Sackton: somewhere where I can drop a spell. That's 20 foot radius right up there
Mike Sackton: And that's 600 feet, although maybe I should just hit one of them and let it be
Mike Sackton: difficult, terrain or usefully.
Mike Sackton: Where are you changing them to be closer together. Tim.
Tim Sackton: No, I'm changing them so that that
Mike Sackton: 10 x actually
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, well, if they're actually
Tim Sackton: Yeah, they're like, 50 feet apart.
Mike Sackton: If they're actually 50 feet apart, then
Mike Sackton: 20 foot radius can't get 2 of them, anyway.
Tim Sackton: Although these. This is ridiculous, how big they are given the scale. So maybe
Mike Sackton: Let's get
Tim Sackton: Not actually that useful.
Tim Sackton: But they're about 50 feet apart. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: okay, so so I can only get one anyway, really is what we're saying
Mike Sackton: They're they're actually spaced out. So I'll I'll go after the lead one right. I'm gonna be.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna be like here.
Mike Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: Okay. And this is all happening on a moving chase. Right? So like difficult terrain is gonna vanish quite quickly as they're running.
Tim Sackton: you know, at
Mike Sackton: Yeah, the the goal of
Tim Sackton: It'll get
Mike Sackton: Rain.
Tim Sackton: So I'm down slow.
Mike Sackton: Slow them down for one term right
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: And we might not. I mean, if I don't keep moving right
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm not necessarily gonna keep running
Mike Sackton: Anyway. Yes, I don't know where everybody else is
Eric Rosenbaum: Everybody else. So you're at 150 feet
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll probably do the same.
Mike Sackton: So actually, technically, I would be one square closer, right about
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not gonna really be in range for any of my spells.
Mike Sackton: No, we're super long range for spells unless we, unless we slow down
Tim Sackton: You can always double and double and double again
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: I mean Kenzo really is gonna have nothing to do
David (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Although Kenzo can just jump down onto the battlefield if he wants to
Tim Sackton: Might be risky
David S. Kong: Well am I am. I want to get close enough to Salsay
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, you'd have to be way closer than 6. And your soul site is, I think I mean it should say, on soul site. But it's
Tim Sackton: 60 or 90 feet. So you'd have to be way closer.
Tim Sackton: Okay, everybody know what they're gonna do
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: So we will
Eric Rosenbaum: Not really
Tim Sackton: We'll start the initiative order when dealt with is within 600 feet, and Welby is wherever he wants to be. At that point
David (he/him): Yup, I put myself at 2 50
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: And where's the Wyvern? The Wyvern is the Wyvern and the Satcher are way up in the sky.
David (he/him): Yeah, way, way.
Tim Sackton: So you're just flying with your armor
David (he/him): Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Actually, maybe maybe it makes sense. The swap initiative
David S. Kong: so tends us farther back in order. Because, like I, I can't do any long range, anything useful, long range for now. So
Mike Sackton: I could take your initiative, or even
David S. Kong: How long does it take mine
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay.
David S. Kong: I'm second right now. I think
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Why don't we swap units
Tim Sackton: So so Ken's at 17
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: or do you want to swap with like Briswin, who was at the very last? And you could go last
David S. Kong: Go? Does this one have long range
Mike Sackton: Now
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I mean.
Mike Sackton: Do you
Kate Sackton: A 120
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay, nothing. No. So nobody has. No, yeah, I I can go. I can.
Mike Sackton: I don't think it matters
Kate Sackton: You're like alone in this round
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Well,
David S. Kong: Will be.
Mike Sackton: Alright! What's happening? Who's going
Tim Sackton: So while they
Mike Sackton: March is 1st
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So we start as well be dives down. I'm just gonna let you for coolness sake. You start initiative.
Tim Sackton: 600 feet up. You jump
Tim Sackton: off of the Wyvern, fall in a split second, and then activate your flight. As soon as you hit 300 feet.
Tim Sackton: so you you can get in position without them getting a shot at you basically
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome.
David (he/him): Awesome and staying. Can I take steady aim from that position?
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: if you want to take steady aim they they've got they get. They'll get a round of getting a shot in at you because you can't be moving
David (he/him): Then I won't worry about that. I'll just take a shot.
David (he/him): Here I go. There's gonna be an extra plus one on this for the scare arrow. That's 27
Tim Sackton: Who are you shooting at
David (he/him): The center guy center
Tim Sackton: Wolf are the
David (he/him): The writer.
Tim Sackton: The writer. Okay, okay, that hits but
David (he/him): The math is off on that
Tim Sackton: You don't get sneak attack right
David (he/him): Yep, that's also not right.
David (he/him): Let me let me just roll it here. It's gonna be like 6 plus 7
Tim Sackton: It rolled A, d. 6 plus 7 top number
David (he/him): Oh, got it? Got it? Okay. Yeah. Awesome.
Tim Sackton: Rolling sneak attack, which is fine. We just ignore the sneak attack
David (he/him): Good
Tim Sackton: So Welby hits hits the creature.
Tim Sackton: Arrow strikes it dealt with. You're up
Mike Sackton: I will drop a ice storm
Mike Sackton: on the lead, basically, just in front of the lead create, I mean.
Mike Sackton: effectively covering the wolf and the guy, and then a little bit of the train in front of them, since it'll be
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Difficult terrain, and I'll use metamagic to double the
Mike Sackton: range to 600 feet, and then cast a spell.
Mike Sackton: and I don't know where to check all my things off, but I will find that it said, It's a
Mike Sackton: Dax, save
Tim Sackton: What's the DC.
Mike Sackton: 19
Tim Sackton: Okay. They both fail.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so it's 12 plus hold on. I gotta roll to the
Tim Sackton: So ice becomes begins raining down.
Mike Sackton: 26 damage on each of the each of them
Tim Sackton: Ice begins raining down on the 2 of them, and they slow and skid briefly but still are able to look up and
Tim Sackton: shoot 3 shots with disadvantage with the longbow at welby is closer, actually.
Tim Sackton: So the 1st one misses.
Tim Sackton: Second, one misses 3rd one
Tim Sackton: hits. What's well, what's your A/C Welby?
David (he/him): 18,
Tim Sackton: Okay? 3, rd one hits
Tim Sackton: doing 9 points of piercing damage. And your speed is reduced by 10 till the next
Tim Sackton: pass through the initiative order
David (he/him): Awesome. I
Tim Sackton: May not matter
David (he/him): Dodge it uncannily.
Tim Sackton: Talk.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: Cause that that's for any attack. Not
Tim Sackton: it is. It's not just mainly attacks
David (he/him): It's a good question. I'll look while you're going
Tim Sackton: Okay. That ends their turn, Kenzo. You're up
David S. Kong: How many feet away am I
Tim Sackton: So they're closing at at this point at
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, okay, it's anything so reduced to 4.
Tim Sackton: They're closing at 60 feet per round, and you are currently 400 feet away.
Tim Sackton: So if you don't do anything, it's gonna be like 4 round 5 rounds.
Tim Sackton: 6 rounds, 7 rounds before they get to you.
David S. Kong: If I how how much can I close on on this round
Tim Sackton: You can close 80 feet on your griffin.
Tim Sackton: You can dash for another 80 feet.
Tim Sackton: So a hundred, 60
David (he/him): Oh, if I but if I dash, I mean, I use my, that's my action right? I can't do anything else right
David (he/him): Can't you? Raven's whistle like you can just jump off of the grip
Tim Sackton: You could also just jump off the griffin and ravens whistle, which might give you more speed
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do that.
David S. Kong: with Raven's whistle. My move is 90
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So if you dash, it's 1 80
Tim Sackton: If you bonus action, dash, it's 2, 70
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do that.
Mike Sackton: Couldn't you wait? Hold on! The griffins are controlled mounts right?
Mike Sackton: So you should be able to have the griffin move, and then you also
Tim Sackton: Then jump off. Yeah. Yeah.
David S. Kong: Okay, I'll I'll I'll do maximum things to close range
Tim Sackton: Okay, so 2, 70 plus 1, 80 is
David S. Kong: Oh, so I'm I'm already there.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo moves like the wind
Tim Sackton: and drops down in front of this creature on the ground here.
Tim Sackton: That ends your turn.
Tim Sackton: Now they will attack you.
Tim Sackton: The Giant Wolf is going to swing and bite at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: That's a 29, so that hits and you take.
Tim Sackton: oh, my God, come on.
Tim Sackton: okay, you take 19 points of piercing damage and 9 points of poison damage
David S. Kong: Next up.
Tim Sackton: 8 points, total
David S. Kong: Except I don't.
David S. Kong: I will deflect the attack
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: Right? So Wolf bites itself
David (he/him): Oh, 26
Tim Sackton: You take 2 points of damage
David S. Kong: Wait. Wait! No, no, but I'm gonna add a bardic inspiration
Mike Sackton: Are you too
Tim Sackton: Inspiration.
Mike Sackton: We are too far away to get
Tim Sackton: You're way too far away for seeker to use.
Tim Sackton: and he didn't dish out inspiration at the beginning
David S. Kong: That's fine. Then I'll use my heroic inspiration
Mike Sackton: That just lets you reroll A. D. 20
Mike Sackton: anything. But is that useful? Because you have to take the new role
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's rolled. It's useful.
David S. Kong: I roll a d 10 plus 21, and I need to beat a 21
Tim Sackton: You need to be there. 28,
Mike Sackton: So.
David S. Kong: So I need to roll a 7 or higher
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: You, could I? I it's probably not worth it.
David (he/him): Take, take the 3 points of damage, or whatever
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's what I, even though I know the principle of the thing is.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I know the phone
Tim Sackton: Second.
David (he/him): That Kenzo has to take damage at all is like Hi
Tim Sackton: Second fight misses the 3rd by also misses
Tim Sackton: and then the mounted creature, which you can now see has is like cloaked in shadow, has a long sword and a great sword. And 2
Tim Sackton: long like horns coming out of its head, is going to 1st
Tim Sackton: Suddenly a wave of fear rolls across you.
David S. Kong: At the desk, except it doesn't because you're immune to fear.
David S. Kong: Oh, yeah, let's do this
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna switch the. This is too annoying
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Distance be, I'm gonna switch it back to 5.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's the aura. Anybody in that aura gets the advantage on on fear.
Tim Sackton: okay, so that does nothing.
Tim Sackton: However, that
Tim Sackton: lash of psychic depth. Oh, no. Sorry. That doesn't happen. Swinging at you with its great sword.
Tim Sackton: 19. What's your A/C
David S. Kong: That, misses, but I see it as funny
Tim Sackton: You still have, or take 4 damage, as the great sword grazes off you, and it moves in for a second swing again, missing as you dodge it does 4 slashing damage on a Miss
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Very large source, monster.
Mike Sackton: Oh, are you? Are these? I was just about to say, are these desk guys that sounds familiar? They're annoying
Tim Sackton: 3rd strike misses but again you take 4 slashing damage.
Tim Sackton: So 12 total slashing damage from the 3 misses that ends its turn. The one up here is still running forward isn't gonna turn that brings up seeker
Mike Sackton: Just just in full disclosure, Tim. Half my damage was cold
Tim Sackton: Oh, I didn't! I didn't realize that
Mike Sackton: Okay. Good. To know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are they? They have a vulnerability.
Mike Sackton: No, the opposite
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice hive! My
Tim Sackton: Does it say?
Tim Sackton: It doesn't say the damage type? For some reason
Mike Sackton: They should have resistance to cold
Tim Sackton: Go ahead. Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was thinking about just zipping in just close enough so I can
Eric Rosenbaum: triple double the range on my telekinesis and try to either
Eric Rosenbaum: like toss the wolf up in the air or try to throw the rider off the wolf. It's a strength saving. Throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wolves probably are strong
Tim Sackton: The giant wolves are very likely strong, because they're about 15 feet big
Eric Rosenbaum: But I could use telekinesis to try to like Bro. The writer
Mike Sackton: I tried dismount. A writer that's not a bad idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, alright. So with 3 crystal charges, I can double it 3 times. So I just need to be at
Eric Rosenbaum: 4 80. So I just need to go in a little closer, basically
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like here, or something
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that should be fine. Which wide are you trying to throw
Eric Rosenbaum: The closest one here, next to Kenzo
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Don't you have to?
Tim Sackton: Yes, something. If you're using more than 2 charges
Eric Rosenbaum: I do. So it's so I'm using 3 charges.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you spend 2 more charges, you must roll an ability check using your spellcasting modifier gets a DC. Of 8 plus twice the charges expended. So that's 3 times 2
Eric Rosenbaum: DC, 14, yeah. And then I roll my spell attack thing
Tim Sackton: Just yeah, just roll a d 20 plus 5
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, d 3 plus 5
Tim Sackton: Plus d 20 no d 20 plus
Mike Sackton: 10.
Mike Sackton: Is it proficiency plus spell
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what it said. I thought
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes, you're right. It's just just bell attack modifier.
Eric Rosenbaum: So looks like I succeed
Tim Sackton: You succeed.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then where's telegraces?
Eric Rosenbaum: So if I when I hover, Tim, speaking of your tips, when I hover over the cast button.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could click the cast button. But there's a little pop up B, which you'd think would be the thing to click on.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think one of these things expends spell slots the other one doesn't
Tim Sackton: If you click the yeah, the cast button, not the hovering B should expand the spell. Slot
Eric Rosenbaum: I did.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So I
Mike Sackton: How you can keep.
Mike Sackton: It's enough
Eric Rosenbaum: I can maintain the telekinesis. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Drink saving throws it in any direction.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah,
Tim Sackton: That's a 15. I think that fails.
Eric Rosenbaum: Boom.
Tim Sackton: So this creature
Eric Rosenbaum: I lift him straight up in the air off the wall.
Tim Sackton: And you're just gonna
Mike Sackton: I mean, can you just drop them
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Or just throwing backwards
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, up, up a little bit, and mostly straight back. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Push them back like there, and he's restrained so he can't move
Tim Sackton: end of your next turn. It's restrained so that guy's trapped that ends sneakers turn
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'll give inspiration to
Mike Sackton: You're not close enough, I think, to give it to me.
Tim Sackton: Closing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, you're right! You're right.
Tim Sackton: Integration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good. Call. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, maybe dealt with.
Mike Sackton: No, we're still 200
Tim Sackton: You're 200 feet away
Mike Sackton: 200 feet apart.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't do it, Mike Griffin
Mike Sackton: Are those the baby wolves?
Tim Sackton: Yes!
Mike Sackton: Did my spell hit any of the baby wolves
Mike Sackton: They're minions. So they just died.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I'm just putting them. They were sort of running a bit
Tim Sackton: Back here.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that ends.
Tim Sackton: Secretzone is up
Kate Sackton: Yes, sir.
Tim Sackton: Wilde's, next
Kate Sackton: What is the move of the version that I'm writing? Because obviously it's probably not the same as my walking speed. But
Tim Sackton: The move of your Griffin is is
Mike Sackton: If that
Tim Sackton: 80, so you can go once
Mike Sackton: 80, okay, cool.
Tim Sackton: 80, you can go 1 60. If you dash
Mike Sackton: Is this accurate sizing? Did they get closer together
Tim Sackton: No, I have to move them back apart
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Kate Sackton: Everything is, there's no scale that makes any sense, is the problem
Tim Sackton: It's very tough to get a scale to work
Mike Sackton: No, it's fine. We'll just the 3 of us are super far away. That's okay.
Mike Sackton: It's it. That's fine. I just, I'm trying to target spout right
Kate Sackton: So if I'm moving 160 feet, I want it to say 16 feet
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it can go a bit further than that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you could have been closer to dealt with when combat started right. You can put yourself wherever you want. Basically.
Kate Sackton: I was behind bandwidth, but I my my perception of the scale was
Tim Sackton: So say you started like there, or something like that. So you can go.
Tim Sackton: You can go to there
Kate Sackton: Yeah. Let's say I do that
Tim Sackton: But that still puts you 500 feet away, or 400 feet away from the closest one
Kate Sackton: Yep, just flopping along on my little griffin
Tim Sackton: Are you seeker? And so.
Tim Sackton: okay, but none of you are. You're all moving towards them. So they're gonna now move towards you.
Kate Sackton: Right.
Kate Sackton: Counting on it.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So Welby is up. Dealt with is next
David (he/him): Alright. I am
David (he/him): shooting the guy shot in the 1st round, but this time, I think, because of vex. I have advantage
Tim Sackton: You have advantage. Yep.
David (he/him): That hits awesome.
David (he/him): So that is 29,
Tim Sackton: 36 damage. It looks like to me
David (he/him): Oh, I sorry I was looking the wrong place. Yes, 36,
David (he/him): good 29 didn't make sense
Tim Sackton: Did you all see the little message
Mike Sackton: Just kind of is flooded
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David (he/him): No, in in retrospect. It strikes me like
David (he/him): I could have just flown above these guys and picked them off one by one.
Tim Sackton: Well, they can shoot back at you
Mike Sackton: They have long.
David (he/him): Not very well.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Not that. Well, that's true.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna drop another. I'm gonna go.
Mike Sackton: Oh, actually, you know what? I'll get within 300 feet. Why not?
Mike Sackton: Right? So I'm if I move a hundred 80, I should be within
Tim Sackton: 100 and 60
Mike Sackton: If I move a hundred 60
Tim Sackton: You're like 350 feet away, roughly.
Mike Sackton: That's annoying!
Tim Sackton: On their turn they'll close to within 300 feet
Mike Sackton: Okay. But I'm just gonna I think I'm just gonna
David (he/him): Tim. I see dust count as bloody, but I was shooting the rider.
David (he/him): Is that the correct
Tim Sackton: Writer.
Mike Sackton: Just got
David (he/him): Discount. Got it
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna drop another spell here.
Mike Sackton: right? Another another ice storm right there to get all those minions plus the bloodied guy
Tim Sackton: Okay, same deal as before.
Mike Sackton: Still boosting range, because they're not quite
Tim Sackton: Deck, save
Mike Sackton: DC. 19, deck save
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Let's see, 2 of the how much damage does it do?
Tim Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: Why not? We'll have
Tim Sackton: Thin, bludgeoning.
Mike Sackton: And 13. So 20,
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait!
Mike Sackton: 4.
Mike Sackton: 11. Bludgeoning.
Tim Sackton: 13 calls just so I can see who exactly it hits.
Tim Sackton: You should see the ice storm under spells
Mike Sackton: Did you actually make an ice storm under spells
Tim Sackton: Can you drag it out and just put it down so I can, so we can see exactly who it hits.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: It's not gonna matter. The the orgs don't have enough hit points, even if they make their save, they're still gonna die.
Mike Sackton: That basically
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that, okay.
Mike Sackton: Top Wolf, too.
Tim Sackton: No
Mike Sackton: Really because it's not
Tim Sackton: Not enough of it is in the so all of these are going to die. As more ice becomes begins raining down and pummeling on the ground the
Tim Sackton: warg gets to make a deck save
Tim Sackton: oh, 26. Okay, he succeeds. So that's half damage right?
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: And 20
Mike Sackton: Succeed.
Tim Sackton: Duskan succeeds as well.
Tim Sackton: So the ice begins pummeling them again.
Tim Sackton: This is now difficult terrain, for just until the start of your next turn
Mike Sackton: End of my next turn.
Tim Sackton: End of your next turn. Okay?
Tim Sackton: So that as that, as the ice rains down, so it's 24.
Tim Sackton: So minus 5 minus 3 app.
Tim Sackton: Okay, these creatures now are gonna emerge.
Tim Sackton: Here, running 50 feet forward.
Tim Sackton: So now this is kind of this
Tim Sackton: bit of the combat is separating from
Tim Sackton: We'll be there from the bit where Kenzo is, as these are still chasing the flyers, and 3 more longbow shots are gonna fly up
Tim Sackton: again towards Welby.
Tim Sackton: And that's gonna be a 10 that misses 19
David (he/him): Does that hit Welby? Yep.
Tim Sackton: And 14 that misses. So one strike again for 10 points of damage
David (he/him): And candy, dodge
Tim Sackton: and then
David S. Kong: Also gonna
Tim Sackton: Oh, then nobody's in range. Okay? And then this one is also closing in.
Tim Sackton: You know this way here that ends their turn, Kenzo. You're up
David S. Kong: Hey? Can you guys see me
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: I can't see myself. Oh, there I am. Okay.
David S. Kong: So yeah, I will attack actually, soul site, Tim, what's going on
Tim Sackton: Who are you? Cell citing the wolf or the other guy
David S. Kong: Ryder.
Tim Sackton: Oh, there you go!
Tim Sackton: Writer is cr 8
David S. Kong: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Not super strong, immune to charm, exhaustion, frightened, resistant to cold and necrotic
Tim Sackton: bad at intelligence, good at constitution.
David S. Kong: And I only I can only sell site 1 1 like entity around right
Tim Sackton: Yes!
David S. Kong: That's a bummer.
David S. Kong: Excellent!
David S. Kong: I will attack, so I can attack both the the wolf and the rider. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you've got to move around
David S. Kong: Yeah, sorry I'm
David S. Kong: I'll attack.
David S. Kong: And I apologize. Guys, I I can't roll dice for the next like 3 min. So if somebody can roll for me.
David S. Kong: is the is the bloodied one close
Tim Sackton: No
David S. Kong: Alright. Then I'll just
Tim Sackton: The one that seeker is holding with telekinesis is restrained
David S. Kong: I'm and if I attack that one, what is.
David S. Kong: do I do? I get advantage or
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you get advantage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'll do that. I'll tack that one
Eric Rosenbaum: Great. I hold him. Kenzo punches
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you, Kenzo swings around here?
David S. Kong: Yeah. So Tim, I'm just gonna I'm just gonna unload on it. So just
David S. Kong: yeah, 5 attacks. Let's try that much possible damage
Tim Sackton: The Warg is gonna is gonna take a bite at you as you leave its reach.
Tim Sackton: Which does 21 points of damage
David S. Kong: Wait. Can I deflect that?
David S. Kong: It's my turn now, right like a that's a
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can deflect that
David S. Kong: Alright! I'll deflect that
Tim Sackton: Action back at the start of your turn.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! Sorry! Hold on!
Tim Sackton: Hold on! Hold on!
Tim Sackton: I forgot that.
Tim Sackton: He has disadvantage on opportunity attacks against you, but he will. 2, 27. So that still hits. Okay, so will your
David S. Kong: It doesn't matter.
Tim Sackton: The.
David S. Kong: It's, it's it's d 10 plus 20. It's it's plus 21
Tim Sackton: So as
David S. Kong: I automatically defect it.
Tim Sackton: This giant wall turns and snaps at you as you
Tim Sackton: as you turn to leave its reach, just swing up and smack it on the nose.
Tim Sackton: And it
Eric Rosenbaum: Bad boy
Tim Sackton: It's a deck, save it fails its deck, save so you do
David S. Kong: Roll the d, 10, anyways. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So it's like,
Tim Sackton: I gotta look at your character sheet. I don't have it up
David S. Kong: It's it's d 10 plus 21
Tim Sackton: That's how much you deflect. I'm saying, how much damage do you do if you.
Tim Sackton: if you reduce the damage to 0 and you attack it back
David S. Kong: Pretty sure I do that damage, don't I?
Tim Sackton: Damage.
Mike Sackton: It's like.
David S. Kong: Or maybe
Mike Sackton: 2D. 10, or something like that
Tim Sackton: It's reaction. It's 2D 10 plus 5
David S. Kong: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So 21 is what I just rolled.
Tim Sackton: and he failed us. He failed to save
David S. Kong: Sweet alright. Then I'll get over there
Tim Sackton: Him in the nose, and then so that uses one key and then move over to
Tim Sackton: Do your 5 attacks on the guy with
Tim Sackton: the guy that you have
David S. Kong: Yeah, so I'm gonna
Tim Sackton: Advantage, on so
David S. Kong: Yeah, it's gonna be a lot of
David S. Kong: yeah, I should be. It should be I should hit every time
Tim Sackton: So 2 with Forest soul.
Tim Sackton: Both of those had
David S. Kong: Nice
Tim Sackton: After the why isn't this working?
Tim Sackton: So that's after the 1st strike?
Tim Sackton: However.
David S. Kong: But
Tim Sackton: You. Let's see, you have to make a charisma saving throw
David S. Kong: Why?
Tim Sackton: Which is a 12, and you take
David S. Kong: No, no, no, no, no! I can reroll saves if I if I failed that
Tim Sackton: All right.
David S. Kong: Key to reroll, save.
Tim Sackton: Bye.
Mike Sackton: That reaction.
Tim Sackton: Row.
David S. Kong: No.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a free action. 14 still fails
David S. Kong: Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: And you take
David S. Kong: Inspiration, inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Too far away.
Mike Sackton: Too far away.
Tim Sackton: Too far away.
David S. Kong: Fine hurricane's fruition.
Mike Sackton: You already used it.
David S. Kong: No, I didn't
Tim Sackton: No, he didn't. He didn't.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you decided not to
David S. Kong: Yeah, not to. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: There you go!
Tim Sackton: Okay, 21. You succeed.
David S. Kong: Thank you.
Tim Sackton: So let me mark off another key.
Tim Sackton: That was your 1st attack. Your second attack also hits
Tim Sackton: for not 1st was 15 oops. Wrong creature! 1st was 15, second was 9.
Tim Sackton: Now you turn, and you, you flurry of blows. 3 unarmed strikes all with advantage.
David S. Kong: Having advantage is so great
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: For 6 bludgeoning I don't know why these aren't rolling with advantage for 9 bludgeoning
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: for 12 bludgeoning
David S. Kong: Alright. It's like medium amount of damage. But all right, take it
Tim Sackton: And I think that ends your turn.
David S. Kong: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay, now it's the wolf's turn and his turn. The wolf is gonna turn back
Tim Sackton: Oh, actually sorry! Now it's the now it's the minions turn.
Tim Sackton: Kenza was standing all by himself on the ground.
Tim Sackton: is going to be swarmed by wolves
David S. Kong: Right.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Do they move 50 feet further already?
Mike Sackton: I guess not. All of them are moving
Tim Sackton: Yeah, not all of them are moving.
Tim Sackton: Ones that are the ones that are moving have moved. The 2 on the top are moving. The others are swarming. Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: So that's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
Tim Sackton: So that pits and you take 20 points of piercing damage.
Tim Sackton: And as these wolves swarm around you, strength saving throw.
Tim Sackton: That's a 20. You manage to hold yourself standing upright. Not pulled down by their snapping bites.
Tim Sackton: So that's their turn. Now, the wolf, the big wolf is going to move in
Tim Sackton: and take a snap at you.
Tim Sackton: That's a 23 a 29 and a natural 20.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is going to be that's 19
David S. Kong: 19 damage.
David S. Kong: Plus
Tim Sackton: 26 damage.
Mike Sackton: Yikes.
Tim Sackton: Why isn't that wrong? Damage
Tim Sackton: And then
Tim Sackton: Okay, this isn't working for some reason. So it's
Tim Sackton: 22
Mike Sackton: You. Okay, there, Kenzo
Tim Sackton: 2019 26 and 27,
Eric Rosenbaum: Flow.
David S. Kong: Wait, what? By? By the minions.
Mike Sackton: The wall.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no! By the ball!
Mike Sackton: The big wolf just tore into you.
Eric Rosenbaum: 11
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo is at 13. Hit points
David (he/him): Enzi, you gotta get out of there, my dude
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll go ahead
Tim Sackton: And then this guy has disadvantage on all of his attacks.
Mike Sackton: Which guy.
Tim Sackton: The dust. Count
Mike Sackton: Another one down there.
Tim Sackton: Is restrained. So that's a 22 with disadvantage.
Mike Sackton: Eek.
Tim Sackton: For 12 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: 17 that misses, and then 10.
Tim Sackton: However, the misses still deal damage
Mike Sackton: Oof hands is down
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo takes 12 points of damage, and then another 4 points of damage, and falls unconscious, surrounded by wolves.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know, I know.
David S. Kong: I have. I have a thing for this.
David S. Kong: my special. When I go to 0 hit points, something happens
Eric Rosenbaum: In the world's
David S. Kong: Right, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Brought that to her
David S. Kong: Hey? Did I have to roll any saving throws in at any point in that whole process?
Eric Rosenbaum: Think so.
David S. Kong: I was getting attacked him. I was just. I was just. They're they're just hitting it. They're just hitting me right
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: Let me see. Let me see.
David S. Kong: Okay, that's fine. I do. There's something I have a thing with death saving throws or something. But I it's not important.
David S. Kong: are still moving
Tim Sackton: Closer to the little group. Over here
Mike Sackton: So there's not actually a spot where anybody can stand. Next to Kenzo, right
David S. Kong: Above me, maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Tim Sackton: No, there's nobody you can stand next to Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: The dust count is floating in the air.
Mike Sackton: Alright! Isn't it? 30 feet up in the air?
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! The dust can's 30 feet in the air.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. I threw him backwards, but kept him hovering
Tim Sackton: Okay. So he sorry I didn't realize that he can't. He can't reach Kenza. Then
Mike Sackton: I mean he can chew with his longbow, but he can't
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Sword.
Tim Sackton: But that does less damage.
David S. Kong: So I'm still alive.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're still still.
Mike Sackton: The log bow also doesn't do damage.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't do damage when it misses.
Tim Sackton: So you are still out
David S. Kong: I don't know
Tim Sackton: News you still have like 4 hit points
David S. Kong: Great.
Mike Sackton: But also that means that that spot is free
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: So that ends that brings seeker rizwin
Tim Sackton: well, be dealt with in that order
Tim Sackton: before anybody can try and tear Kenzo limb from limb.
Eric Rosenbaum: A telekinesis thing? Do I have to recast it to maintain it? Or does it
Mike Sackton: No! How does that work?
Mike Sackton: Days.
David S. Kong: 3, 4,
Eric Rosenbaum: So can I cast another spell at the same time or no, just not another
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But you also have to use a magic action to use tele
Tim Sackton: Keep him restrained. You've got to do the whole thing again.
Tim Sackton: If you don't, if you don't take an action
Tim Sackton: him again, he just drops to the ground
Eric Rosenbaum: But it doesn't use a spill slot
Tim Sackton: It doesn't use a spell slot just
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Forces forced to save again
Eric Rosenbaum: I should probably keep him floating up in the air there, so he doesn't drop right onto Kenzo
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, then you'd have to do it. You'd have to.
Mike Sackton: I mean, he might make a save. You'd have to do it again. But
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, okay. So I'll use my magic action to maintain the telekinesis
Tim Sackton: Okay, you can use your bonus action for something else.
Eric Rosenbaum: And oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Can still move with the map with the Mount
Mike Sackton: I can teleport both of us to be right
Mike Sackton: next to Kenzo, if you want to.
Mike Sackton: ready in action to cast a healing spell as soon as you're within range of Kenzo
Eric Rosenbaum: So we have to do his
Tim Sackton: Kate, you're muted
Kate Sackton: Okay, I mean, I
Kate Sackton: I could also end up 90 feet away from him and do my little pillar of selective healing slash, wounding
Eric Rosenbaum: Having
Mike Sackton: Get your 500, aren't you 500 feet? Is this wrong? Is it not 500 feet
Kate Sackton: No, I'm sure it is.
Tim Sackton: No, you're 500 feet away
Kate Sackton: What I'm saying is, if you telekinesis us.
Kate Sackton: you don't have to put me right in the middle of the danger for me to be healing him.
Mike Sackton: Move. If I move us it would be dimension door is the only thing with enough range, and we would have to be within 5 feet
David S. Kong: Wait. Can't you do the rearrange? The map thing
Mike Sackton: It's only 120 feet
Kate Sackton: 5 feet of each other, or 5 feet of
Mike Sackton: Out there
Kate Sackton: Okay. So because I'm sick.
Mike Sackton: Well, there's no point the point would be to. I guess I could be like there
Tim Sackton: The point would be that, why does Lizurne care about being in danger? Your legs impossible!
Kate Sackton: Fine fine pop it's just it!
Mike Sackton: Doesn't make sense for me to dimension door us and then stand 60 feet away from them, waving my sword scarily. I'd rather dimension door us, and then stab them to death. Sorry you
Kate Sackton: Been Mr. Ranged attack, so I wasn't
Mike Sackton: That's just because I I mean I do. 10 times more damage with my sword. It's just
Kate Sackton: No, no, that's fine. You can plop us in the middle of danger. Sounds great
Mike Sackton: That was my play.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just to finish my turn to maintain the telekinesis effect. We need to do another
Mike Sackton: It has to make
Eric Rosenbaum: Understand.
Mike Sackton: Trous. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: It's a strength safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: What's the DC.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know
Mike Sackton: Should be 1819, something like that. What's your normal safety? See?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, 18, yeah.
Tim Sackton: One of its horns breaks, and it drops to the ground
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Freed of your freed of your spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then can I get close enough to Rizwin, who's closest to me, I think, to do inspiration
Tim Sackton: Yes, you can definitely get close enough to riz one
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. So I just click on.
Eric Rosenbaum: No. What do? I thought I could
Tim Sackton: Yep, click, runic inspiration, and then click on the person you want to give it to
Eric Rosenbaum: No! How do I?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, it's on me there, there!
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, look at that
Mike Sackton: Fancy. Yeah, it, said Eric. R. Gives Runic inspiration to Rizwin Brunnen
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! And then she has, like a little
Tim Sackton: She has a little rune, but it's really hard to see these these
Eric Rosenbaum: Token.
Tim Sackton: So small because they're so small.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Tim Sackton: Make them bigger.
Eric Rosenbaum: Guys, I gotta go, unfortunately,
Eric Rosenbaum: But the invulnerability suggests, I could try using psychic disruption.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that next, if I if I can get in range for it, which is questionable.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? But you can move another
Mike Sackton: You should go.
Mike Sackton: No, no, no, don't go there, go to the other ones.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I was going to do is go up
Eric Rosenbaum: up the map a little higher. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Move, go to like there
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, exactly.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah. So they'll be closing. They'll they're
Mike Sackton: They're only 150 feet
Tim Sackton: Right, so you'll be like 100 feet away next round
Mike Sackton: What's the range of your spell? If it's 120 ready in action.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1, 20, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Ready in action to cast it as soon as they come in range. Why not
Tim Sackton: So he used his action already
Mike Sackton: Ow, yeah. Would you use your oh, to would you use your action for
Tim Sackton: For the magic
Mike Sackton: Out for the Mac
Tim Sackton: Freezing, which he resisted, of course breaking a horn. But okay, Riswin is
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright!
Kate Sackton: Good night, Eric.
Kate Sackton: so I'm not moving until it's dealt with right?
Kate Sackton: So I just need to stay near dealt with so he can mention to us
Mike Sackton: Yeah, move towards them. We need to be. We need to be a hundred feet closer.
Mike Sackton: So you need to move a hundred feet this way right
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I can't really see the squares, but if you move a hundred feet towards them, then I can move a hundred feet towards you, and then teleport us both
Kate Sackton: So I do the move that I can do
Kate Sackton: Irish
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: yes, because then I can move to be on top of you. And then from our position, we can go 500 feet
Kate Sackton: But I'm still over 200 feet from everybody. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But you can. You can use your action to ready a spell to cast as soon as you land on the ground
Kate Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton: So I will ready a cure wounds because you're gonna pop me into heal
Mike Sackton: Well, why not your pillar of doom
Kate Sackton: As
Mike Sackton: I mean up to you whatever you want.
Mike Sackton: It's Welby right
Tim Sackton: Robbie dealt with, and then monsters
Kate Sackton: I'm just ready in cure boons, because the pillar of doom is
Kate Sackton: great as a ranged thing when somebody needs like something, Major. But if everyone can accomplish the same thing, I don't want to waste a 7 couple spell slot on those
Mike Sackton: Right? Doesn't it just damage them
Kate Sackton: Wedding
Mike Sackton: Does it damage the bad guys as well as heal the good guys
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean killing those minions wouldn't hurt us. But anyway, it doesn't matter
Kate Sackton: Okay, no, I I always listen to strategic
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't. I wouldn't hesitate to use high level spells here.
Mike Sackton: Kenzuzuma's dead, and we've barely killed anything
Kate Sackton: Okie Dokie fair point
David S. Kong: Some hps
Mike Sackton: Okay. Well, be, you're up
David (he/him): I shoot the leader, the senegai again.
David (he/him): 2020,
Tim Sackton: 2 hits.
David (he/him): 36,
Tim Sackton: Arrow strikes him again.
Tim Sackton: Oh, wait! Sorry!
Tim Sackton: Never mind, go ahead. He's not quite dead.
Tim Sackton: You're you're not relying on steady aim. You're just because they're they're running ahead of you. So you have to be sort of moving a little bit
Mike Sackton: No, I think he's relying on facts
Tim Sackton: Like you're relying on. Vex right?
David (he/him): Exit is yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay dealt with is going to bonus action quicken.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to quicken dimension door.
Mike Sackton: It's so difficult to check things off. But anyway, I'm going to quicken dimension door
Mike Sackton: and then cast it to appear.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to run up to Rezwan. Then from Riswin's position
Mike Sackton: right quick in a dimension door. It's a dimension door
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: To right there, and 5 wherever Riswin wants to be 5 feet next to me.
Tim Sackton: Where do you want to be, Kate?
Kate Sackton: I mean, I guess they're
Tim Sackton: Both. Both of you make wisdom, saving throws with advantage
Mike Sackton: They're 13
Tim Sackton: You are frightened
Mike Sackton: Hold on! Hold on! I'm going to heroic inspire that, I think.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that's better.
Tim Sackton: Okay, you are not frightened.
Tim Sackton: So, Kate, your spell goes off.
Tim Sackton: What spell are you casting
Kate Sackton: I'm casting conjure celestial as a 7th level spell. So it's a 10 foot area effect
Kate Sackton: doing going to little books. Click on the thing.
Kate Sackton: Yeah, right?
Kate Sackton: Popped up like an influencer.
Kate Sackton: That's you're a big.
Kate Sackton: Everything is wrong.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Perfect.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: So all the bad thing. Experience is searing light. So they make a deck saving throw
Kate Sackton: and take 60, 12 radiant damage on a failed save, and have as much emphasis
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean it rolled the damage 43, and 31
Tim Sackton: That guys succeeds.
Tim Sackton: The Warg also succeeds.
Tim Sackton: Is that half damage on a success
Mike Sackton: Don't they die, no matter what
Tim Sackton: I mean sorry Indians die, no matter what
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: So all these minions are seared away by the
Tim Sackton: flaming radiance of the divine Barzell Kenzo heals 31 hit points
David S. Kong: Nice
Tim Sackton: Do the other ones take half damage on success.
Kate Sackton: Yes.
Kate Sackton: Okay. Take damage on success.
David S. Kong: That's sweet
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I am going to.
Mike Sackton: Then dust count.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: 17,
Tim Sackton: 17 hits.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Make a charisma saving throw
Mike Sackton: That's hold on
Mike Sackton: So 14 damage
Tim Sackton: Okay. Make a Christmas saving throw
Mike Sackton: 23,
Tim Sackton: Okay, you take no damage, but
Tim Sackton: he vanishes to there
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I will then let him run away and attack the wolf.
Mike Sackton: 19
Tim Sackton: That hits.
Mike Sackton: Or 16 damage, and then I'll do another 19 on the wolf
Mike Sackton: or 11 did
David S. Kong: What's the huge dulla
Mike Sackton: What's the what?
David S. Kong: A huge deal with
Mike Sackton: Where's the huge dealt with
David S. Kong: Next to the wolf.
Mike Sackton: That's fine.
Mike Sackton: It's a normal size dealt with
David S. Kong: I see 2 doublets. Oh, I'm so I'm so sorry I'm not bad. I
Tim Sackton: That ends that ends. Dallas turn
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so this Wolf is going to turn and unleash. A dreadful howl dealt with
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Rizwin. All have to make wisdom. Saving throws
Mike Sackton: With advantage.
Tim Sackton: Not with advantages, not fear.
Mike Sackton: 9
David S. Kong: 11
Kate Sackton: One.
Tim Sackton: Everybody, except for Rizwyn, takes 35 points of psychic damage
David S. Kong: Wait? Why
Tim Sackton: It has felt the same
Mike Sackton: We felt the safe
Tim Sackton: You can roll it again, spend another key.
David S. Kong: I'll definitely do that.
David S. Kong: It's a wisdom. Again wisdom saved
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: Oh, come on! 13,
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo and Dawith take 35 points of psychic damage. Rizwin takes half that. So 17
Mike Sackton: That's like wiped out all the healing. That's not great
David S. Kong: Yeah, I'm 0. I I died. I am now 0 hit points. I was exactly 0 hit points.
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Well, the Calvary's here.
Tim Sackton: But you'll heal again
Mike Sackton: You'll heal again on your next turn.
Mike Sackton: Now on Briswyn's turn right
Tim Sackton: On riswin's turn.
Tim Sackton: This one standing back here
Tim Sackton: is going to target rizwin.
Tim Sackton: that's a 9 that misses and then is going to move forward and then swing at rizwin
Tim Sackton: with his great sword.
Tim Sackton: That's a 20 that misses, that's a 9 that misses.
Tim Sackton: That's a 21 that misses, but you still take 12 points of
Tim Sackton: flashing damage, and you have to make 3 concentration checks
Kate Sackton: 12 points of
Tim Sackton: That ends his turn. Kenzo is up
Mike Sackton: The conjure celestial is actually on the creature's turn.
Tim Sackton: So I don't know. I can't keep track of the rules of the spells you cast
Mike Sackton: I'm just saying the the whatever creature you see enters or ends its turn
Kate Sackton: If it moves into conjure celestial, it's in trouble
Mike Sackton: Or if it ends its turn in contra celestial.
Mike Sackton: That just means Kenzo can be healed when his turn ends. He doesn't have to wait for your turn.
Kate Sackton: Oh!
Mike Sackton: And also that means when Della's turn ended, I could be healed
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Although, wait, I haven't. I wasn't damaged when my turn ended.
Tim Sackton: Right? So that also
Mike Sackton: It means. If the wolf doesn't weave on its turn, it gets damaged
Tim Sackton: Right, it's it's not gonna leave
Mike Sackton: So it could. It takes the damage
Tim Sackton: Yes, so roll the damage again. It's a deck safe
Kate Sackton: Yes, it is a deck, save
Tim Sackton: That's a 17
Tim Sackton: It's when you end your turn. So Kenzo
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Still has to make.
Tim Sackton: Are you? Are you at 0? Kong
David S. Kong: I'm at 0. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you still need to make a death save.
Tim Sackton: But then, at the end of your turn, you're healed
David S. Kong: I get advantage. Okay? I finally found I was like, I knew I had something around
Mike Sackton: You have advantage on death, saves
David S. Kong: I am.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't matter, because you're going to get healed at the end of your turn.
David S. Kong: Right?
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: Oh, I see it now. Okay, cool.
David S. Kong: How do I do? A death save
Mike Sackton: It should be in your roll. 20 character sheet. Just roll d. 20. It's you only do 20
David S. Kong: Okay, I got it.
David S. Kong: 1818 and a 10. So 18
Tim Sackton: Okay, so that's a success. And then you're healed 31 points of damage and that ends Kenza's turn.
Tim Sackton: These minions have been left way behind. But they're gonna run.
Tim Sackton: They're sort of running along with with these wolves here that ends the menu
Mike Sackton: One of these guys. We haven't even hit yet, and we've killed 0 of them.
Tim Sackton: You know.
David S. Kong: We got to step.
David S. Kong: I'm done. Wait, wait, wait! Wait! I'm so done. Wait that psychic damage that I took. Could I have deflected that
Tim Sackton: No, it was a saving throw
David S. Kong: Okay. Alright!
Tim Sackton: This one is now
Tim Sackton: within range of seeker, and this one is in range of Welby. So they're going to shoot their longbows.
Tim Sackton: 3 on seeker with disadvantage. What's seekers?
Tim Sackton: Somebody tell me what Seeker's A/C is
Mike Sackton: I think it's 60, 18 or 17
Tim Sackton: One sec.
Tim Sackton: I should write all this stuff down
Mike Sackton: It's 15
Tim Sackton: Okay. So 2 of the longbows hit seeker, and then the 3rd shot
Tim Sackton: strikes him.
Tim Sackton: and dexterity saving throw. He's actually pretty good at deck saving throws. He managed to avoid being pinned by the 3rd shot. But he does take
Tim Sackton: I'll deal with the damage. He takes
Tim Sackton: 7 and 6, 13 total damage, and that means 2. Concentration saves success.
Mike Sackton: What alpha! The telekinesis
Tim Sackton: Telekinesis and success, and then the next one on is going to fire 3 arrows flying up towards Welby.
Tim Sackton: So that's with disadvantage. Mess, mess.
Tim Sackton: Miss. All 3 errors, Miss Welby.
Tim Sackton: that ends their turn seeker is up.
Tim Sackton: Telekinesis can target. I think Seeker is gonna
Tim Sackton: move here and try and restrain this wolf? Can you restrain a huge creature
Mike Sackton: Future, Smaller
Mike Sackton: But well, that's fine.
Tim Sackton: Well that way. Welby can have advantage on the Wolf
Mike Sackton: He already has advantage from vex
Tim Sackton: No, he only has a bandage on the last thing he hit
David (he/him): The rider's still alive, though
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: But the rider right. The rider is not going to be alive for long.
David (he/him): Because seeker is going to
Tim Sackton: Drop a ladder on him.
Tim Sackton: and I made the ladder
Mike Sackton: Is that a bonus action
Tim Sackton: That's a bonus action boom!
Tim Sackton: And then the latter is going to make and slam attack.
Tim Sackton: which does 13 points of damage and kills the rider.
Tim Sackton: and this wolf is now restrained by telekinesis.
Tim Sackton: and that I think, and seeker's turn, and that brings up rizwin
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: So my conscious Celestial is triggered by other people
Tim Sackton: It doesn't do anything on the turn you summit it it does. But on subsequent turns it doesn't do anything
Kate Sackton: On my turn
Tim Sackton: On your turn. But you could. I mean you could move it.
Tim Sackton: And I can do things that aren't
Kate Sackton: I can do other actions because it's just a concentration spell that I have
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: So I'll just well, I'll just wail on the thing with my hammer, because
Kate Sackton: I cannot even get am I that close? Am I that far tell.
Kate Sackton: We say that I'm in range
Mike Sackton: Yeah, this is regular. 5 foot range
Kate Sackton: Is it now
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Kate Sackton: So I,
Kate Sackton: Aaron
Tim Sackton: Wait. You want to leave. You want to flee from the wounded
Kate Sackton: Sorry I thought that was dealt with. He looks like a dark coated thing, too.
Tim Sackton: He doesn't
Kate Sackton: Dealt with.
Kate Sackton: I know I will attack the one that I'm next to, because I didn't realize it was an enemy
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Kate Sackton: Fine makes much more sense. Sorry things are so tiny up here.
Kate Sackton: Please cancel.
Kate Sackton: I'm hitting fine, but I'm still on the plane.
Kate Sackton: That was the main thing. That's the damage right.
Kate Sackton: I can't tell
Tim Sackton: 22 hits!
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: and binge
Tim Sackton: Okay, 2 things happen. First, st make a charisma saving throw
Kate Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: You take 16 points of psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: It's it. This, its second horn shatters
Tim Sackton: It falls to it to its knees and then stands up again, and then well.
Tim Sackton: it's nowhere. Really. It can easily teleport to. It's gonna it's gonna teleport 30 feet away there.
Tim Sackton: and that ends riswin's turn
Mike Sackton: Well be then dealt with right
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Well, I'll be dealt with
Mike Sackton: And the wolf is also bloodied
Tim Sackton: The wolf is well past bloodied
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: You see the little bloody wound in the corner? I guess not. The bloody wound in the corner
Tim Sackton: Go ahead! Welby!
David (he/him): Think about this for just a sec. I think I'm gonna move over here. Come
David (he/him): down to ground. Well, no, I don't have enough move to do that.
David (he/him): Shit. I'll just shoot the wolf that's underneath me.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Advantage from restrained.
Tim Sackton: 27 hits
David (he/him): 40
Mike Sackton: Nice
Tim Sackton: That one is bloodied now as another arrow pokes into it that ends. Welby's turned down with his up
David (he/him): And then I'm going to move over here and down closer to the ground like I don't know
Tim Sackton: This this is gone. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Let me just who's after me? Kenzo
Tim Sackton: The wolf, and then Kenzo
Mike Sackton: Oh, wait! I don't have any spell slots left.
Mike Sackton: I only have cantrips.
Mike Sackton: okay, I'm just going to.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I can heal. Oh, but that's the end of my turn.
Mike Sackton: I'm I'm gonna just attack the wolf to start.
Mike Sackton: I'll so I'll see what happens after I attack the wolf.
Mike Sackton: There's a i might not even kill this thing. There's a 15 hit
Tim Sackton: 15 does not hit the wolf
Mike Sackton: Okay, how about a crit
Tim Sackton: That hits the wolf
Mike Sackton: Does 18 damage kill it?
Tim Sackton: No
Mike Sackton: Hi!
Mike Sackton: I was useless.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. 12 misses deal with staggers slightly swings, managing to clip it once.
Tim Sackton: But the snarling wolf dodges out of the way of 2 of your attacks
Mike Sackton: How much do I heal?
Tim Sackton: I'm gonna move on to it while you do that
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Kate Sackton: I have.
Kate Sackton: Refreshing, that
Tim Sackton: But it is going to move.
Tim Sackton: wolf is not happy being in this thing, but
Tim Sackton: I think it's gonna swing. It's gonna bite at Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: That's a 24 you heal 37 damage
David S. Kong: What?
Mike Sackton: Back, to fall.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo, you take 21 damage
David S. Kong: Except I don't
Tim Sackton: You don't.
Tim Sackton: That's right. You take no damage. Use your reaction,
Tim Sackton: And let's see swing back at it. Do you still have key
David S. Kong: I do?
Tim Sackton: That's a 12. It misses
David S. Kong: So I do. 2D. 10 plus 5, right?
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: 13,
Tim Sackton: 13 is not quite enough. It's gonna take another bite at you 16 that misses 17 that misses
David S. Kong: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it's gonna turn and run
Mike Sackton: Yeah, my.
Tim Sackton: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: Security tack on it
Tim Sackton: Wanted to grab one of you in its mouth before it ran, but
Tim Sackton: couldn't go ahead and swing your opportunity. Attack
Tim Sackton: that hits
Mike Sackton: Yep, 16
Tim Sackton: As it's fleeing, daweth, slashes the fleeing wolf's back of its legs, and it stumbles and falls over.
Tim Sackton: This dust count is going to scream and anger.
Tim Sackton: Move there and then lash out at Delworth.
Tim Sackton: That's a 8 that misses, and then grab his longbow
Tim Sackton: and send 3 tax your way at 22,
Mike Sackton: 22 hits.
Tim Sackton: 21,
Mike Sackton: That hits also.
Mike Sackton: Wait! Do you hit on you? Hit on
Tim Sackton: You hit on a tie? Yep, and natural. 20
David S. Kong: Damn!
Tim Sackton: Make a dexterity, saving, throw.
Mike Sackton: 14,
Mike Sackton: Say it's not good
Tim Sackton: The last arrow pierces you, restraining, dealt with
David S. Kong: Oh!
Tim Sackton: And you take 10 for, and so 14,
Tim Sackton: 14 and 1428 points of damage, and you are restrained until the start of his next turn, as the arrow pierces
Tim Sackton: pierces your pierces your leg, holding you in place
David S. Kong: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: restrained.
Tim Sackton: That ends their turn. The minions are up. There's nothing really for them to do, although these wolves that start moving. These minions are gonna
Tim Sackton: retreat back to guard to guard this guy that ends the minions turn this wolf is gonna
Tim Sackton: rage at the latter.
Tim Sackton: Natural 20.
Tim Sackton: That's 30 damage against the ladder.
Tim Sackton: 29! That's 22 damage against the ladder.
Tim Sackton: and another natural turn. He's pissed at the latter for killing
Tim Sackton: very pissed at the ladder for killing his rider, and just rends the ladder, ripping it almost to shreds.
Tim Sackton: As this last one now is going to wheel around, seeing that the battle is not going so well for the for his allies. Is going to move back now
Tim Sackton: in this direction, trying to close in. But still, while the Warg runs, launching 3 arrows at Welby.
Tim Sackton: still
Tim Sackton: in long range, so disadvantage. The 1st one hits, misses the second one misses the 3rd one.
Tim Sackton: Hence for 8 points of damage
David (he/him): Uncanny, dodge
Tim Sackton: That ends their turn seeker. 1st the nearly dead ladder will make a slam attack.
Tim Sackton: That hits for 10 points of damage on the wolf, and then Seeker will
Tim Sackton: attempt to keep the wolf restrained.
Tim Sackton: and then push it away from the ladder if possible. So
Tim Sackton: Wolf needs to make another strength saving throw
Tim Sackton: that fails and so push the wolf 30 feet towards you guys
Tim Sackton: for somebody to kill it. Next round rizwin is up
Kate Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: Bobby's, next
Kate Sackton: I think I'm going to take my Magic Pillar with me.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Move it to right there
Kate Sackton: Right there.
Kate Sackton: See how it looks when I'm moving in something like that second
Kate Sackton: count on the that wolf. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Move it diagonally down. Wow!
Mike Sackton: Can you get the 2 minions and the wolf
Tim Sackton: I mean, where was it? To begin with.
Kate Sackton: It was like right here.
Kate Sackton: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: You can move it, one
Tim Sackton: to
Mike Sackton: 6,
Tim Sackton: 3, for 5, sex.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, and get them all
Tim Sackton: Because it's when it moves through. So if you move it in a curving path, you can hit the wolf. You miss this minion, but you get the other ones
Kate Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So these 2 minions die. The wolf needs to make a deck safe
Kate Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: That fails.
Tim Sackton: that succeeds.
Tim Sackton: How much damage
Kate Sackton: Do I rule it every time anything happens? Or is it like once around like
Tim Sackton: Every round.
Kate Sackton: This is a new round. Now.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, or every turn, I guess.
Kate Sackton: Feel like I've rolled with damage like many times
Tim Sackton: Yeah, because you keep using it.
Tim Sackton: 47. Okay. So even succeeding on the save, this guy crumbles.
Tim Sackton: This one takes 23, and that
Tim Sackton: That wolf is on his last legs
Kate Sackton: That's just because I'm that's just it moves because I moved
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you still get your action
Kate Sackton: Yeah, I'm that's what I'm saying.
Kate Sackton: So
Kate Sackton: I think you're you're okay over there with that guy that dealt with. I'm going to go over to this guy
Mike Sackton: That's Kenzo
Kate Sackton: Henzo is okay with that
Mike Sackton: And so with her next to each other.
Mike Sackton: We are not in combat with any bad guys
Kate Sackton: Oh, well, thank you, don't hit cancel.
Kate Sackton: So if you need like a shiny yellow hat or something, you need some accessories
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Daweth needs a new token. He looks a little dark token
Mike Sackton: That's true.
David S. Kong: Or just a reflection of his true soul and nature.
Tim Sackton: Are you? You're attacking this wolf with your with your hammer.
Kate Sackton: I'm attacking the world with my hammer. Is that a bad thing?
Kate Sackton: That's what I'm doing?
Kate Sackton: Oh, Lord, Almighty!
Mike Sackton: What's that wolf and the rider at the top doing?
Mike Sackton: They're white. They've been shooting arrows at us. They're totally
Tim Sackton: That misses
Kate Sackton: That
Tim Sackton: Wolf dodges out of the way. Oh, wait! This wolf is
Mike Sackton: Stripes, heroic inspiration.
Tim Sackton: A little bit of restrained. So you get advanced
Mike Sackton: Roll again, roll again. See if you do better.
Tim Sackton: 19 hits.
Kate Sackton: So 29 damage.
Tim Sackton: On his last legs that ends Riswin's turn that brings up Welby
David (he/him): I'm going to move down and here and shoot a lightning arrow at the one next to Rizwin and get the other guys on the way.
Tim Sackton: There's a little. If you click on your token. There's a little lightning arrow button
David (he/him): So there is that was really cool.
David (he/him): That's awesome.
Tim Sackton: Make your attack roll against the restrained with advantage, because he's restrained
David (he/him): Advantage
Tim Sackton: 19 does hit just barely, but it hits
David (he/him): Alright! So that's 41 on the restrained wolf
Tim Sackton: Okay, that wolf is dead.
David (he/him): Plus let me double check. I think it's 46
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's 46 lightning also on the restrained wolf. But it doesn't matter, because he's already dead.
David (he/him): 4,600 to the DC. 15 deck, save
David (he/him): 14,
Tim Sackton: This guy succeeds, so take 7. The wolf fails. So it takes 14 that ends Wabi's turn
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm going to turn into a cloud of butterflies, go flying.
Mike Sackton: So I'm not restrained anymore.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Go flying to there.
Mike Sackton: So I heal because I pass through the thing
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So what's that healing
Tim Sackton: Well, just, I just use the role from
Kate Sackton: Yeah, you use the
Tim Sackton: Last turn. Oh, that was a terrible! That's a terrible healing roll. We may as well roll again
Mike Sackton: That's the worst possible healing role. Practically
Kate Sackton: Happy to roll it again
Mike Sackton: Roll it! Again!
Kate Sackton: How much.
Mike Sackton: And then
Kate Sackton: I,
Mike Sackton: Well, wait! Are these guys actually bloodied? They have little bloody icons
Tim Sackton: That just means wounded
Mike Sackton: Okay, I will.
Mike Sackton: I will. I will curse the dust. Count
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: With my bonus action
Tim Sackton: 35. Healing.
Mike Sackton: That's much better.
Tim Sackton: That ends your turn.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: This pair is dead. Kenza, you're up
David S. Kong: Can I also pass through the healing thing?
Tim Sackton: Yeah, what's your move?
Mike Sackton: Move is like 60, right?
David S. Kong: It's a lot
Tim Sackton: Where does it? Actually 65. Yeah. So you can run all the way up to that mounted preacher
Mike Sackton: Come come fight.
Tim Sackton: And you also get 35 healing.
David S. Kong: Hell. Yeah, nice.
David S. Kong: All right.
David S. Kong: Cool. Yeah, I will.
Tim Sackton: I'm just gonna assume this minion's dead
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David S. Kong: I'm gonna mess up this dude
Tim Sackton: Okay. The big wolf
David S. Kong: Big wolf. Yeah, let's do it.
Tim Sackton: You could like, you know, try and stun something if you wanted to
David S. Kong: Oh, that's a great idea. Yeah. What's the what's going on? Oh, I actually haven't even saw sighted a wolf yet. What's the deal with the wolf?
Tim Sackton: Good wisdom, bad Charisma, not immune to anything
David S. Kong: Great. Yeah, I will. I will start doing some.
David S. Kong: Let me see. Bad charisma, are you? I'll do. I'll do this. Did you say bad prisma
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but you might want to just try and stun it, because stunning is very strong.
David S. Kong: Alright. Yeah. Good point. I'll I'll do that.
David S. Kong: Here we go.
David S. Kong: 1st attack.
David S. Kong: Do I have advantage right now? No, right
Tim Sackton: No
David S. Kong: 17,
Tim Sackton: 17 hits.
David S. Kong: Oh, cool.
David S. Kong: Yeah. So consave. Ec. 17,
Tim Sackton: An 8
David S. Kong: Stunned, and it takes 13 damage
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: And now do I get advantage now that it's stunned
Tim Sackton: Now you get advantage.
David S. Kong: Alright. So second staff attack
David S. Kong: natural 20, and that does.
David S. Kong: Wow! Nice! That's good. 24 damage.
David S. Kong: Now, I'm going to do unarmed strikes
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: 18 hits.
David S. Kong: That does another 13 second unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: Let's see if I can get a natural 20. 24 hits
David S. Kong: that does another 15 damage, one last sack.
David S. Kong: all natural, 2029 hits.
David S. Kong: And then that does another 15 damage. Wow! That was great. I did a lot
Tim Sackton: The wolf staggers back under your massive pummeling.
Tim Sackton: staggered and stunned as Kenza's turn ends the
Tim Sackton: rider of the Wolf is going to teleport behind you.
Tim Sackton: And then this let's see.
Tim Sackton: Okay? And then it's going to swing at you, Kenzo, with his great sword.
Tim Sackton: It's a 13 that misses 15 that misses 19
David S. Kong: Mrs.
Tim Sackton: So you take 12 points of slashing damage
David S. Kong: Fuck man.
David S. Kong: It's annoying
Tim Sackton: And that will end his turn. The wolf is stunned.
Tim Sackton: So he's not gonna do anything
David S. Kong: Nice
Tim Sackton: Seeker is going to send the ladder to attack this stunned wolf.
Tim Sackton: That is 15 points of damage.
Tim Sackton: And then Seeker will attempt to use telekinesis to restrain the rider, which is a strength save
Tim Sackton: what
Tim Sackton: 17 fails? But having seen what this this restraint does now is going to again break one of its horns
Tim Sackton: to succeed instead.
Tim Sackton: And secret's close enough now to give inspiration to Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: And that ends Seeker's turn. Rizwin is up.
Tim Sackton: You did
Kate Sackton: My bubble and I are moving my noble pillar.
Kate Sackton: unless your goodness and I are moving
Mike Sackton: I like your pill. Yeah, that'll get me to full if you move it in to the
Tim Sackton: Playing there.
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you can heal the ladder
Mike Sackton: Kenzo and me
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: Nice spell. I like this spell
Kate Sackton: You hurt my enemies?
Mike Sackton: And all the enemies get hurts.
Kate Sackton: Crown, so I'll roll it again
Tim Sackton: That's a 21 on the
Tim Sackton: dust. The dust count saved. So that succeeds 24 on the
Tim Sackton: dire wolf advantage against all spells really helps these guys
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: What was the damage?
Mike Sackton: No, but wait. They're not supposed to have advantage on spells. Once they break a horn
Tim Sackton: Oh, you're right.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Well, it didn't matter for this guy, because he, his 1st role, was the higher one as the Warg that needed the higher role.
Tim Sackton: Oh, but the war is, does stunned affect dexterity, saving throws
Mike Sackton: I don't know
Tim Sackton: This is what I need to do is have a
Mike Sackton: A little cheat, sheet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, there needs to be a cost to using their legendary resistances. It's that they lose advantage in spells.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you automatically fail. Dexterity saving throws.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Kate Sackton: Right now, everybody gets 43 points of damage
Tim Sackton: The wolf dies automatically, failing the saving throw against the celestial aura
Tim Sackton: The duskhand, however, does make the save and takes half damage.
Tim Sackton: The ladder heals 27, as does Kenzo and dealt with
David S. Kong: 27. Healing nice
Tim Sackton: And then are you? What are you doing with your action?
Kate Sackton: I'm going to attack person. That I can tell is my enemy, because I zoomed in
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Kate Sackton: All right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, that hits make a constitution saving throw
Kate Sackton: Is it a concentration check, or just a
Tim Sackton: No, just the Constitution saving Joe
Kate Sackton: 21,
Tim Sackton: Okay, you take 4 points of cold damage, and then
Tim Sackton: He vanishes while he teleports away
Mike Sackton: Well be.
Mike Sackton: You're kind of far off there
Tim Sackton: I don't know if you can get there.
Tim Sackton: Maybe you can't. I mean, it's I doubt it's outside of your long range
Mike Sackton: No, it's not even outside of your short range.
Tim Sackton: Same thing for Welby
David (he/him): How injured is he?
Tim Sackton: He's not yet bloodied, but you don't have advantage.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you could steady aim
David (he/him): Yeah. Oh, yes, I will do that.
David (he/him): I'll study, aim and shoot him
Tim Sackton: Okay, 15 misses, but 23 hits.
David (he/him): 38,
Mike Sackton: Can't actually see the squares on this
David (he/him): Oh, wait a second, actually before I do that, let me add to it.
David (he/him): Do we have soul sight on these guys? Do we know what their strengths and weaknesses are?
Mike Sackton: Was weak.
David (he/him): It was we. How was
Tim Sackton: In was weak. Dax Khan was strong.
David (he/him): Con from strong
Mike Sackton: I'm dealt with his next right
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Dealt with is next
David (he/him): All right. You can get to him and take care of him. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if you want to do something great.
Mike Sackton: something that would give me advantage would be awesome
David (he/him): Yeah, sure, I'll take 2 of those die to do.
David (he/him): 3 of those died to do obscure.
David (he/him): So DC, 18 deck save and
Mike Sackton: Because I get 3 attacks, and I crit on 19 or 20. So
Mike Sackton: if you give me advantage, that's really good
David (he/him): Yep, so that should be 28 points of damage to him rather than 38
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: The second.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. The second horn breaks
Mike Sackton: I,
Tim Sackton: And no blinding
Mike Sackton: Okay, well, I'm going to attack him.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Oh, let's see, do I have any
Tim Sackton: Does next
Mike Sackton: I guess there's no. I'm just gonna attack him.
Mike Sackton: Don't really have any spells left for us.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Mess
Tim Sackton: that hits
Mike Sackton: 8 plus 1019 damage that came up as a 19 and then flipped over to a 1
Tim Sackton: That misses that ends Dawa's turn
Mike Sackton: Pathetic, Emich.
Tim Sackton: And then, when you sorry when you hit
Tim Sackton: make a con saving throw.
Tim Sackton: you take 17 points of cold damage.
Mike Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: Your last one would have missed. Wait, did he?
Tim Sackton: When did he? Oh, no, no, sorry. He doesn't have a reaction anymore.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Tim Sackton: Forget about it. I lost track of
Tim Sackton: gotta make a reaction counter. Okay, Kenzo, you're up. You can take him out
David S. Kong: Alright!
David S. Kong: See! Where is he on that? I don't see him on
Mike Sackton: He's over by Dallas.
Mike Sackton: you can get to him. It was only 30 feet. Just run to him and punch him to death.
David S. Kong: Yeah, I got it.
Mike Sackton: I can't roll, for to save my life. I've rolled like a 3 and a 1
David S. Kong: Man, my computer is super slow. Hold on.
David S. Kong: Okay, here we go. I can now move.
David S. Kong: I do. So all right. Great.
David S. Kong: What's the deal with I his weaknesses
Mike Sackton: And I just try and do damage
Tim Sackton: Int int. Low con high. The little exclamation point next to the bloody wound means he's on his last 25% hit points
David S. Kong: Okay.
David S. Kong: 14. Probably misses. Right?
Tim Sackton: 14 misses.
David S. Kong: Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Yep, you've got inspiration. Click the little use, inspiration button on the top
David S. Kong: On the top of where
Tim Sackton: Like up on the. There's like a little menu bar at the very top that has, like flying, concentrate, use inspiration
David S. Kong: Let's see.
Mike Sackton: You have to. You have to click on yourself
David S. Kong: Oh, I see. I see. I see. Okay. You're using spring
Mike Sackton: I don't have inspiration. Why does it say use inspiration?
Mike Sackton: It's it's always there. I
Tim Sackton: It's always there, but if you try clicking it'll say you don't have inspiration
David S. Kong: I just clicked it. What happened? Nothing seem to happen
Tim Sackton: Do you see a little menu in the chat
David S. Kong: I clicked the use the inspiration thing, but I don't see anything.
David S. Kong: It's making the die rolling noise. But I don't see a die roll. Did a roll
Tim Sackton: You. You should see a little menu in the chat in the roll, 20 chat
Tim Sackton: that has attack, roll, saving, throw
David S. Kong: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Be more complicated than it's worth
David S. Kong: Attack roll. I see a ability check attack roll. Oh, attack roll. Okay, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
David S. Kong: Dough, too.
David S. Kong: So 16
Tim Sackton: 16 hits
David S. Kong: Sweet he's good at Con, right?
David S. Kong: So I'll do. Why not? What about what about charisma or wisdom?
Tim Sackton: Don't know
David S. Kong: I sort of
Tim Sackton: Yeah, but you just get the highest
Mike Sackton: Highest and lowest. We don't know what's in between
David S. Kong: Oh, okay, okay, all right. Well, then, I'll do. I'll do a
David S. Kong: I'll do a frightening strike. So wisdom
Tim Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: You see, 17
Tim Sackton: It would.
Tim Sackton: That succeeds
David S. Kong: Okay? And I do 16 damage. First, st attack.
David S. Kong: Second attack with the staff is 16 hits
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David S. Kong: I do. Another 12 damage 1st unarmed strike.
David S. Kong: 21 hits, I do. Another.
David S. Kong: 8 damage, second, unarmed. Strike natural 20. Woohoo
Tim Sackton: He's already dead
David S. Kong: I keep punching him
Tim Sackton: Branchingham.
David S. Kong: 12 more damage and then final attack
David S. Kong: for fun. 28 hits, and I do another
David S. Kong: Another 11 image
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he is dead, but really dead. I made a really really dead
David S. Kong: Extra dead
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I think that's everything.
Mike Sackton: That is, everybody that was fun and exciting
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: The Wyvern is nowhere to be seen. Well is seen, but very far away
David (he/him): I'll I'll go track that guy back down again
Tim Sackton: Okay, make an animal handling check.
Tim Sackton: It takes you some time
Tim Sackton: you can. The only way you can fly faster than him is with your mama
David (he/him): I also have boots of speed
Tim Sackton: Yeah, with using your boots with speed and your armor.
Tim Sackton: The griffins can't catch him, and it takes you a few minutes
Tim Sackton: to catch up. And then sort of
Tim Sackton: you basically just fly up beside him, and, you know, kind of
Tim Sackton: managed to land on him, and he kind of
Tim Sackton: shakes his shoulders a little bit, and turns back and snaps at you.
Tim Sackton: but doesn't like directly. Throw you off
Tim Sackton: Flying along the wall, flying in sort of the direction. You want to go, but you're not having much luck, getting fine, mounting him, not having much luck getting him to slow down
David S. Kong: No.
David (he/him): That's okay. I mean, we're headed in the right direction. This is
Mike Sackton: It'll be fine
David (he/him): Slow down!
Tim Sackton: So everybody else leap into the air and fly after him. Or are you gonna like? Look around
David (he/him): I mean, you should search those guys first, st right?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's look around for a little bit. I mean, is there any clues as to where they came from, or
Tim Sackton: So with with all of everybody dead scattered around the ground.
Tim Sackton: The your satcher, friend.
Tim Sackton: Valeris is happy lands, and you know, is sort of willing to chat and and talk a little bit.
Tim Sackton: I guess. Let's see, maybe Seeker could roll a I'll say history check.
Tim Sackton: So we'll want to roll a d 20 plus 15
Mike Sackton: Sorry. I just need to find the window switched away from
Mike Sackton: 30
Tim Sackton: Seeker remembers reading something, a speculative note in one of the appendices of the lore of the Feywild
Tim Sackton: about duskhounds. The lieutenants of the gloom. Shaper, Lord Umbriath.
Tim Sackton: That match this description.
Tim Sackton: Lord Umbriath is the ruler of the fey realm that is north of Amberglow.
Tim Sackton: and has expanded considerably since the cloud spinner vanished. It used to be a very small, fey realm.
Tim Sackton: and has grown significantly in the years since the cloud spinner disappeared, and in that
Tim Sackton: time has grown largely by taking over land that was either part of Amberglow, or was sort of
Tim Sackton: affiliated, like, you know, minor minor fey borderlands on the northern borders of Amberglow.
Tim Sackton: Valeris also says, basically confirms this. These are
Tim Sackton: those are not people you want to meet. I'm glad you killed them.
Tim Sackton: Are there going to be more
Tim Sackton: long as I can stay a thousand feet up in the air? I'll keep going. I guess that
Tim Sackton: I guess that didn't sound very selfless. Huh!
Tim Sackton: I might be stuck
Tim Sackton: your size in the case
Mike Sackton: We'll do our best.
Mike Sackton: You didn't suffer too badly here
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, I'm totally happy if I can stay a thousand feet in the air.
Tim Sackton: Great!
Tim Sackton: It's a really nice place to be.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: How many more of those do you think we'll find
Mike Sackton: I don't know. It depends on what we find that
Mike Sackton: mind when we get to the keep.
Mike Sackton: How how many there are around here is not something I think we know.
Tim Sackton: Okay, I guess we keep going.
Tim Sackton: You're the ones who are supposed to be leading this expedition right?
David S. Kong: We have to
Kate Sackton: I mean.
Kate Sackton: Welby's leading us off
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, he's long gone, but maybe we follow him.
Tim Sackton: Are there any other clues to find
Kate Sackton: No, I think we just wanted to poke around long enough to jog Seeker's memory
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Seekers. Kind of puzzling. Looking over them. Yeah, I think definitely read. Seen that described.
Tim Sackton: Hmm, hunters of duskmire.
Tim Sackton: They're a long way from home.
Kate Sackton: The southern edge of Ambergla, not the northern edge right
Tim Sackton: Right, although Lyrian also did say that
Tim Sackton: Lord Umbriath's servants had captured at least one, possibly more amber lights, and so may be able to track the cloud spinner that way.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: Although you did not find any amber lights on this group.
Tim Sackton: So after a moment, catching a breath, recouping,
Tim Sackton: seeker's not that badly damaged. I don't know if anybody else needs any healing
Mike Sackton: I'm good
David S. Kong: I need healing.
David S. Kong: Why is my computer so slow?
David S. Kong: Actually, it's not that bad. I need like 30 points, 30, 34 points. Again.
Tim Sackton: Probably don't really, because if you get into another combat before you rest, you can always
Tim Sackton: use your focused metabolism that gives you
Mike Sackton: I mean, yeah, I was. Gonna say, I might I might cast
Mike Sackton: if we're before we set out I might cast I'm going to cast a prayer of healing
Mike Sackton: takes 10 min while while Seeker's doing his stuff just to a. That'll heal 2D. 8
Tim Sackton: Not to lobby, though, because we'll be off
Mike Sackton: Correct. Everybody else heals 2D. 8,
David (he/him): I'm down like 13. I'm fine
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So that's 10
Tim Sackton: Okay, that's good for for seeker. Oh, I gotta mark off
Mike Sackton: And you could take a short rest.
Tim Sackton: Anybody.
Mike Sackton: Wants to spend hit dice ken
Tim Sackton: Right. Seeker doesn't need to spend hit dice and he gets back.
Tim Sackton: He gets back.
Tim Sackton: Bardic inspiration. I just have to mark off the animating performance.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And that Kenzo gets bacal is key
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Kansas gets back on ski.
David (he/him): That makes me think, Tim, can I use hierarchy, inspiration, and try that animal handling check again?
Tim Sackton: Sure.
Tim Sackton: Same thing, I mean, remember, a 23 is your minimum right?
David (he/him): Yeah.
David (he/him): Very disappointing.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you haven't. You haven't lost control.
Tim Sackton: You're just. It's just needs a little bit of a head of steam to, you know.
Tim Sackton: Dissipate the energy from watching the fight
David (he/him): Yeah, we'll we'll circle back when when it comes down.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, or they'll catch up to you at some point.
Tim Sackton: the visibility is great, right? Like you're you can be seen for a mile away, right several miles away, as like a little speck against this giant wall of glowing light on your right hand side. So it's not like you're going to be lost
Mike Sackton: Right.
Tim Sackton: So you rest a bit, I mean, for 10 min, while seekers sort of thinking about the
Tim Sackton: what he's read about.
Tim Sackton: These dusk hands from dusk mirror, dusk, Meyer.
Tim Sackton: and you then launch into the air to to catch up to
Tim Sackton: to Welby and continue flying north on your griffins, who are much better trained than the
Tim Sackton: Wyvern, and when combat is over.
Tim Sackton: all land in a circle, once it's safe to do so with the with Valeris the satyr
Tim Sackton: and wait for you to remount over the next period of time.
Tim Sackton: Hard to say how long you start to get hungry a bit.
Tim Sackton: Don't see anything else moving, although up ahead you can see 2 things now. 1st in
Tim Sackton: the close distance, maybe 20 miles away. You see. What looks like a
Tim Sackton: glittering line of a river.
Tim Sackton: Except weirdly, it looks kind of
Tim Sackton: you can imagine it almost looks like ice from this distance, like it doesn't seem to be moving much. It's like almost plain white sort of matte line, but there's a there's a grove of like dead trees
Tim Sackton: that are growing around it, and that grow up around the river, stretching away from the wall, and the river itself kind of flows almost into the
Tim Sackton: Sunset Gate.
Tim Sackton: Some distance beyond the river.
Tim Sackton: with the dead trees you can see what looks like a smear of blackness on the horizon and the wall itself. It's much more obvious on the wall itself, because it looks like there's just a giant gash in the sky maybe 60 miles away, although again, it's like really hard to judge the distance. But
Tim Sackton: 2040, 60, a hundred something on that order certainly within sight. It's like the wall is sort of continuing. And you see, you can see this sort of crystal
Tim Sackton: structure, and then there's just nothingness just like an empty gash.
Tim Sackton: and then a smear that kind of extends across the horizon. You actually can't see past it. It's like almost a wall of blackness
Mike Sackton: That sounds like what we're looking for
David (he/him): Right.
David S. Kong: Am I frozen?
Mike Sackton: Yes.
David (he/him): Yeah.
David S. Kong: That's so annoying
Tim Sackton: So you continue.
Tim Sackton: I don't want to. It's 1145. I don't want to start the
Kate Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Entering the Red Sun watch tonight. But if there's any scouting or reconnaissance, or anything you want to do before you go in, that would be a good use of the next 5 to 15 min
Mike Sackton: I might so go ahead con
David S. Kong: Yeah, I was just gonna do an aura check
Tim Sackton: Are you, so that your range is 30 miles, so you might want to get a little closer
David S. Kong: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Are we gonna long rest before we go in here?
David (he/him): Seems like we should right
David S. Kong: Yeah. Why wouldn't we
David (he/him): For a lung rest move, we should do it
David (he/him): no closer than we are right now.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, that's kind of where I was going
Kate Sackton: Yes.
David (he/him): Think that makes sense to do can we like
Mike Sackton: 50 miles away. That kind of thing right now.
David (he/him): What about like scrying it? Can we scry that far and use like spell doubling range, doubling stuff for a long rest?
Mike Sackton: Clairvoyance is tricky because it's a mile, so to get out to 50 would be quite a lot of
Tim Sackton: And seeker already used.
Mike Sackton: He only has what? 6
Tim Sackton: Yeah, he used. He used 3 charges already on the telekinesis, so he's got like, I don't know one or 2 left
Mike Sackton: So he could only do like
David (he/him): 4, miles, maybe
Mike Sackton: 4 miles, right?
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Even with all 5 charges, you could only go to 30
Mike Sackton: 32,
Tim Sackton: 32 months.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I don't. I don't. I mean scry, but scry doesn't really let you scry's not a good scouting spell.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Man. You know what this is, where
Mike Sackton: I almost took Arcane Eye at 1 point that just moves.
Mike Sackton: but it only moves 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: Anyway. Yeah, I don't. I don't have any great way of scrying 50 miles out
Kate Sackton: Don't think we can scout way. We have to rest and then get closer to
Kate Sackton: it was a good idea to explore
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you want to find a place to.
Tim Sackton: So right now, you're like a few. You're
Tim Sackton: hard to say exactly. A few miles, maybe up to a dozen miles from this river, and then beyond the river. It's maybe
Tim Sackton: 40 to 80 miles to the wall of blackness
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: is taking on rest. A good idea
David (he/him): Like we're down enough spell slots and things that
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Seems like it right
Kate Sackton: And I'm not. But everybody else is
Tim Sackton: Zika is only down 1 5th Level slot
Mike Sackton: The only thing I'm down is meta magic. I didn't realize none of my metamagic comes back on. Oh, but I could cheat to get it all back
Tim Sackton: Wait. You just dump a spell, slot into it.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, cast
Mike Sackton: If we short rest again I could get back all my Meta magic. I didn't have any spell slots when we 1st
Mike Sackton: well, I cast prayer of healing we never short rested
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: Right. If we short rested, then we could all get heroic inspiration back.
Mike Sackton: and I could get back my metamagic
David (he/him): It works.
Mike Sackton: That might be worth doing.
Kate Sackton: Said we were hungry.
Kate Sackton: Sit around.
Mike Sackton: And does anybody? Is anybody not at full health
Tim Sackton: I mean seekers that free off full health
David (he/him): I'm 13 now.
David S. Kong: I'm like 30, 30,
Kate Sackton: I got bored with rolling hit dice, but I could roll hit dice this time more
Mike Sackton: Well also, but I can also. I can also
Mike Sackton: If we're short resting, I can do 2 healing words.
Mike Sackton: I need one spell slot for getting my metamagic back, but I could do 2 healing words that gets 2 people
Mike Sackton: pretty high. 10 d.
Mike Sackton: It's a lot of fueling, 10 d. 4 plus 5
David S. Kong: Emmy
Mike Sackton: I guess it's probably not 25,
David S. Kong: Still not fully dealt. But that's good
Tim Sackton: We'll just use 1 1 hit to assume
Mike Sackton: Just use a 1 hit die right? We're short resting
David S. Kong: Okay.
Kate Sackton: I will use
Mike Sackton: And this cell slot 5 gets
Tim Sackton: Right, and everybody gets heroic inspiration back
David S. Kong: All right back to poll
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: So then, yeah, I don't think we have any scouting until we get much, much closer. Right? Right?
Tim Sackton: Okay, we'll save that. We'll save that for next session, because something might happen
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we have no good scouting till we're within a mine. Basically.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So you cross the river
Tim Sackton: the again, fairly high up the grove. You know the grove of dead trees below you. After having taken a short break, had some food. You were starting to get hungry.
Tim Sackton: Travel again. It's it's hard to judge not just distance, but time.
Tim Sackton: And you begin approaching closer and closer to this black wall.
Tim Sackton: and you can see actually, as you get closer, that there's some variation, right? So
Tim Sackton: there's some places where it seems deeper, and it almost seems to stretch. It sort of stretches to the sky. But somehow
Tim Sackton: there's also, you know, pieces of light that that shine through it.
Tim Sackton: Where it looks more like a mist lying low to the the ground, and we'll stop
Tim Sackton: here about a few miles out from the edge of the blackness
Tim Sackton: where you can see you can't. I mean, you can't see through the night. It's like it's it's not even just like darkness. It's like looking into a sort of dense black fog.
Tim Sackton: But there is one tower standing that seems to be
Tim Sackton: on a small rise, or somehow protected from the
Tim Sackton: from the light, or I mean from the darkness.
Tim Sackton: Because you see shining with sort of faint dim
Tim Sackton: kind of weak sunlight, but still shining with sunlight top, maybe 3rd of a tower.
Tim Sackton: the remains of what look like golden
Tim Sackton: decorations on its roof, but having sort of scraped and tarnished and decayed.
Tim Sackton: Since then.
Tim Sackton: Standing above the darkness.
Tim Sackton: This obviously must be Red sun watch, based on everything that you've
Tim Sackton: seen and heard, although most of the watch seems to have been swallowed up by this darkness.
Tim Sackton: and we will end there and pick up
Tim Sackton: with red sun. Watch itself next Thursday, Thursday, April 3.rd
Mike Sackton: Okay.
David S. Kong: We don't have anything scheduled after that. So, beginning of next session, session will schedule ahead
Mike Sackton: That's great!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Everybody.
David S. Kong: Thanks. Y'all
Tim Sackton: So.
David S. Kong: Good night.
Mike Sackton: Nice
David (he/him): Right.